Turnstiles pick up small Russian changeWhe neyn the nichel subway ride hes guaethe wey of a* <SGvecent cigar?Carteiniynet ihe Runsiane.Fae ee ly es now bring you vodhn, ceviurud the 0900 newbring the five-comt NewYork Cy vebwey rideend (ervatento tarn Ge rashinte the Russian beer.The explanation tp shupte: The Beviel threehopekeoln, werth reughly a nickel, werks perfectty im thepubway turnatiies.Mytes camesee as thetehen, sithoegh the tehen is 2 bit heorter.
ud
¢
!PiDut the three-hepek piece ett! may net be 2 hargets.TAP RAP by TOM EDISONAnd the gay good things don't last!Congradulations TAP! It was ten years ago that AlBell and Abbie Hoffman founded the YouthInternational Party Line or YIPL. They were at the1971 May lst anti-war rally in Washington, D.C.passing out leafiets asking people to join theYippie movement. Thousands of leaflets werediatributed and about one hundred peopleresponded. The first issue of FIPL came out onJune Ist, 1971. And the rest is history. Therehave been several name changes. YIPL changed tothe Technological American Party or TAP in Augustof 1973 and in September of 1979 TAP became theTechnological Assistance Program.~ Phere have been several editors: Al Bell &Abbie Hoffman in 1971; Al Bell & R. Systat from1972 to 1975; Al Bell, Jim Phelps, & Tom Edisonfrom 1975 to 1977; and Tom Edison from 1977 to thepresent.There have also been many good friends thathave helped work on TAP over the years. I would beremiss in my duties as Editor-in-Chief of TAP if Idid not thank them on our 10th anniversary. Theyare: Cheshire Catalyst, Dave Bowman, Jim Phelps,the Magician, the Wizard, Ted Vail, Number 6,Agent MDA, Oz Mandias, Joe Greyhound, Al Mundy, AlToken, Wickolai Testicle, Scotty, and last butcertainly not least, Captain Crunch. Thanks guys!You're probably all wondering what the hellhappened to the color double edition of TAP thatwas promised. Well, I quess you could say that thePostal Monopoly has struck again! The largeincrease in postage rates has eaten up ourreserves and the extra costs for printing andmailing a color double edition could not beabsorbed by TAP this time. TAP also recently got 4printer which compliments our computer system,This means that now TAP can print up our mailinglabels on time. You bulk subscribers can't tellbut all you first class subscribers please notethe May ist post mark on your envelopes. As Istated in the past, TAP will now be mailed likeclockwork on January lst, May lst, and SeptemberIst.I would like to begin publishing on a monthlybasis once again but that depends on YOU! I needmore typed articles. TAP exists for the exchangeand publication of interesting information thatnormally is not found anywhere elge. It is my jobas Editor to select the best submitted articlesfor publication. It is your job as a subscriber towrite these articles. Don't complain to me if youdidn't like an issue! I am not TAP! YOU AREI11All articles MUST by typed on a good typewriterusing a five inch type column width. All submittedarticles become the property of TAP and cannot bereturned. And if you don't know what kind ofarticles we're looking for, you have no businessreading TAP!High bidder on the last TAP copy of AbbieHoffman’s STEAL THIS BOOK was $20.00 by Bob fromWaukon, IA. Congradulations!Our plans to publish THE BEST OF TAP have beentemporarily shelved. We are still Looking for ahip publisher. If anyone out there knows one,please get in touch with me.I have tried to bite my tongue for the last fewissues ané hold off complaining to you subscribersout since our operations have been streamlined byour computer, I must impress upon you theimportance of PRINTING your name & addressCLEARLY, including your mailing label or a copy oft whenever you write to us about your sub, andsending in the right amount of money. Insufficiantremittance will result in a pro-rated sub (You getonly what you paid for). Please help us serve you!
Soviet coin (1.), worthabout a nickel, ie seme size66 60-cont subway token and worksin tunetiivs.Bt’s hardte find hare hovsasethe Soviet Union hams theexport of ln money. And one New Tork coin Gosier tsebasstes 2 back cachfor.thom—at leantfor now.
OO.ew”MAY-JUN 1981 NO. 67Picking MushroomsBy Al IfundyIn this article, I will attempt to bestowupon the reader an additional piece of infinites-imal wisdom in the realm of technological know-ledee. I trust all of you TAP readers have beenpracticing your lock picking, because I will dis-close in thia article the method of picking acylinder (lock) with mushroom drivers. A mushroomdriver looks like the followine, .also illustrgtedis a spool driver. Both of these top pina pre-Form the same function.M ItMushroom Driver Snool DriverCorbin, Russwin, Abus, Walsaco, and Americanare some of the locks that contain mushroom pins.The Fox Police Lock Co, also uses a Russwin rimcylinder in its’ nrocducts.Now on to the technique, When one is con-Fronted with a lock of this nature, one shouldpick the lock -y {first Findine the bottom ninwith the remular driver, There is usually onlyme rerular ton pin in a lock that contains mush-room drivers. fut,the possibility exists thatthere may be more than one repular driver. Whileapplyinp tension on the tension wrench, one picksthe pins in the lock wtmtil one picks the onebottom min with the repular driver. (When thebottom pin with the rerular driver reaches thesheer line in the lock, the plur will turn afraction of a clerree, At this point, one knowsthat you will have to nick the remaining bottomins with the mushroom drivers. To push theottom vin up to the sheer line, one will have tosradually release tension on the tension wrenchas you are pushinj: up on the bottom pin. As youare pushinp un on the bottom pin, you will feelthe plug berin to lose that fraction of a degreeto which the nlur was turned, When the bottompin has reached the sheer line, the plug willarain turn a fraction of a depreea. This will con-tinue until all of the mushroom pins have beenpicked. /t thia tine, the plume will be free to |!turn in the direction in which you have appliedtension via the wrench.One exception to this is two rypes of fairlynew drivers which look as follows:veeOne should note the bottom lip of the pins.One would pick these in the sane manner.But, before the lock will open, one will have torelease almost all tension on the wrench. Thisis because the bottom “ of the top pin is stillin the vlug preventing the lock from opening.While having almost no tension on the wrench,one vill have to pick each bottom pin just afraction more in order for the bottom pins toreach the sheer line.GOOD LUCK AND KEEP 1 TRYINGHITIIEEtrrrnraieet

So You Want ToSet A Phone.by Bill BellPor those of you who stilldo not bave a phone of your ownI think I can help you. Firetoff, Pliip through the white pagesand find yoursel?’ a nice name,fhen call the persom (forour example hae will be Mr. JohnDough) and aay,“Mr. Dough, thisis 4r. of the Bell Telephomebusiness offias and we would liketo know how many extensions youhave in your house." If. they asktell them ittis for your records.fren, after writing dowall the imvortant info. callyour friendly mei gnborhoodphone center store. Tell theathat you are Mr. Dough and youwieh to purchase an extension(or 2 or 3 or..) for your home.fell them to add the charge toyour one bill and even aet adate for the lineman to come andadd the line. Then say you willcome down to the atore to pick upthe phone. If you ars young saythat your son will pick it up.Be cure to tell them exactly whatkind of phone(s) you want.When you go to the phonecenter stor® it im most importantto neve all info like name, nusber,# of extensions, etc. am theymay ask you a few questions whenyou get down there.Pack it up, take off, andnever show your face in thatstore again. Done correctly youcan acquire a whole flesat of phones.If you ever get questionedby Ma Hell (not my mother) aboutinfo on your phone just go toa Radio Shack and cony down thsinfo off the bottom of one ofthier phones,If you are in your teens orjust look sortm young you mayhave to get yourself a cheap,faxe [.0. ‘“m Hell if stupid,eo it con be a really Crummy one.Liaten, 37.00 is really cheapfor a phone. (or 2 or } or 4...)Be cool, calm and carefuland whatever you do have thatinfo memorized. John Dough isnot going to atammer or stoilwhon asked his phone nuaber.HAVE PUNI3PRed POSTACEby Bill Bell & Sem JonkinsIn adiition toe putting glue ona etasp, lowering the starr, etc.Here 18 another way to mail somethingfor free. Go to any place that hasnon-profit bulk rate literatureand pick yourself up a whole bunchof the stuff. Bae sure only to gotthe envelopes, etc. that haven'tbeen addressed yet. These envelopesor what have you sre the thingsthat placer like musuems, schools,libraries, etc, pera out,Firut type the addresa ofthe person you ara nending it taar very neatly printit.Then, write the letter on1 os 2 sheetea of paper and insertthem inside the Literature fold it@ weal it with a single staple.Be sure your friend won'tthrow your letter away as jusmkmail.Be sure not to aend anythingto TAP this way sae it ia illegaland we would not want to depriveour friend,the Post Office, anymoney that if hae coming to it,would wef_
The futOslbes is going te mabe ousmarestitungl Ws 100 el povpte afane maael surrertly Vf this leis.young bo have I rane be itaseetmaneeren.I was mserwnedoftote by a reignswhe wertnin ibe PostOffa wheneed
“f
. ber peuple vp.we hove 5 coemagenrypreserve ihe ppueem. pamnthed wil chenge lbe emtire mye“Wow's ahaa?” | astond. lem. Might et Cue ml pri year med“We're gung be we veeprice af fire "What's that? { nehed > you if thet pinm pees aroun,cigs stamps to |) comm, and wutete “We'regang te mateie Cantemner 70s be edt we lower fhe ptute af 2 pee.hemoe-tign TIP cada la Wet wey. @sinwarbes owe wrest | ge vamp end chee ee TIPthe Costeuper well Rew wureallymann “Wow ore yougrusg #8de chat?” oes
fivew-tgl sender ~“We hovetomake ibe Custenter-yel-innthetwhen haenaeby 2 letter, he hes &reupe=ehatetyjor getung & te thestarent.Ne ran ae eagerpstdung tt ie 6menben and expect the Mest Officetsnll Whtwork for tag, WesWey te “{be mice about 4 at the pant. but all webed ke shew far 1 waresoar Cabver-boo, baat inteers.and haaset prodiastresty.Se wa've tabem the nantstep. Theiat-rer wouiter ping 30 tow
“2 walt pe ccuthegbbe tow.Altar@ paruen wre a batter, he will inhe ¢dows te the pest effinn und have theBapcumceted.Thenbewll proceedas the adtrwmee'sbows 2nd Grup 4hig macthon. i be weet: te gai d therefast, be ome tabs a tae Pf be tomrushed, hea can take ihebeaorsubmey.or even walt k there Itee cepabéitey andy anseen af pat of cur aom-paoyees cancets the vamp.”wn@erueng ‘thet would sowedingsap 1% ibe come town Bal aep-
wo net scamshave been attempted on us in thepest couple months. We did not fall for either.One is the fake lettertwad deal by wich oneaake for samples of our product with a proaloeof buying large quantities for gifts, salesigoentives, etc. The {firm name is usuallyVery impressive, some even give an overseasbranch address Ctheade printed up. The fancier, tha better.But when someone asks for a sample of ourproducts and we are oot familiar with thefirm, *@ oall the mm bell op and see if thereLu a phone listed for the outfit. If its areal biggie sounding firm we look hiaup inone of the many directories availiable at thelibrary.[ doubt 1f many peoplego ta thistroudle before vending samples, sta but weoperate on such a emall margin we have moretine than ue have money. I's sure this scanwould work with most big companiesto whosyou mote. Brenif they didn’t give youSamples, they would probably aodbill you.The other moan \nealvea fake checks, I don’tknow how one gete the checks unlesa hegets samples from a bank stationery printer.We have received what look like legitimatechecks but “hea they are presented thersis no record of the person or the aceount,Apperentily the con artist has someoneimprint his fake name and some ‘computer’musbers on the cheaks.Beloganoldqusasi-expect at cryptowe have deen adle to"see through’ maay of the fictitious names.Some are eo dim as to spell their nanosbackwards wren whea they dont make Gonse.Qwe com froa ‘the seat coast uses the nameWoareirf and Adnan. Turned out to beWends Amp Friersonami abe didn’t foolue, She must de a beginnerat this!!I feel sure no TAP reader would atteaptcae of these sonaa;: this info is given
plantsinihe titebes gardet.Tiny out te be mortjnnnsplanta. 40squtesSpst-af Shana, auweedatg te preen ciated.
}). It's ensy to Kat letteroe ne nadlet oeek. eand wearbeneed inet weet,Compunytatls in probePoter Meffmen,8 rpehcomen for NewJerery BattTelephous,150d riferte weremadete fad ot whe madewee 1506cats, bul thay Pere netbeen idemeelwal.
frif.%itajut1 F tive Alitpetaalee‘aliiaifat!|i!i:ii
rLik.iMt|

Bootleg radio boorning in BelgiumDBode Pirates represent© .m: > agrowth industrySUPEN DUPER SN@@PER LIGHT manentleaeere owe =ane amer sees We lugi-ertans pas wae,beenDRUREELS, Welgeee — The Lael mherviewate lengiiry loondsewunein.By The Magician.... ins oe ae a —prtvete re@ie Ashes a i - oeIn issue 29 of TAP you were shown how to mot of 1)meinem pespls — 5 re ranchingeniy aboutseven mais.Tweconstruct a "Snoop Light” which lit to tell you mernacisDane i & seusery vheve wiewons gonbe hand thegnghentttnif someone picked up an extension phone to listen ee the ot went set. — prevetein on your phone conversation. It also lit ife we ase tented bor smarty = the said a cpshemnanter KindeSverpenosey neighbor picked up = phone on a party line wee ees STeteesto listen in on you. Some companys are now marketing ether407. ' gumara! @metmincnenamnengprivatethis type of Snoop Light calling it “Phone Guard". Ma nas ineredesed 2 tall bs gains Wrendomnars wah ies yusiey ot proamong other names for 50+ dollara! Oeeeee See TTThe following is a such improved vera@ion of ly ending 5 mattmanngaty =om AA perme brindeaske jie smnthe original Snoop Light. It offers several seen tm Gubvented towth aun merneals — stich are Rings! anadvantages in that it is independently powered eeecok eeten cute ee nen wonmlycass eeand presentsa high impedancetothe phone line wumagh to simép ths lew 7 brews have thems 20's souedod vevemms.thus making it virtually undectable by Pa Bell. cmange to rat contisnniion ofthew Wi ptcilianll avy linn etIt will also indicate the presence of not just one, wulartynbd Crteone radesates — ce her ae aoumnry’'s proveto stathndsbut two extansiona being picked up (or party line wewelly lecesad 19 emeartedhemesaed = hae beesahig tsoperatewuth the dndextensions) to listen to your conversation. (You Saseaeuacneeoo of eee et eeOemst really be talking about somthing interesting?) “Therebasbamm 5 grevneg tesdeery 30 etgpes's Largest pres cto ~This varsion of the Snoop Light alsa lends itse)£ at ihe patent rel = inesaouairy be ee rere TM= prude 7to be modified to work on “Black Box” calls! eeeeeen mem Meme GeorgeNewthans a ocean RoheTechnical Notes: LED 3 will qlow when power Pretty Wibericx. enptatmagth vadton Comettarpachry wee4s turned on {Via DPST switch). If it gets weak ened bn the veadin vubéenbesal oaterprighthen the battery (9 volt transiator radio battery) a ee eeeee mate can Porras Meteor rama, wtaahahould be replaced. The unit should be left them, Whee Leben an formalsteps m- hrewGecstsieee:Supreen Matdquatthen @erestion.in the mutentees.wert 8 tann Allied Pemers Carege ox DHAPE,switched off when not in use. —_ iyeatewcame atThe 12X resistor and 39K resistor (Marked — eeecomaaing af 2 preath mx aaa eeeoe remneute wfAmmmr’-with asterisks in schematic) are the average values éuary comssnd comniies ether tervguer! 1to make the Snoop Light operate on most phone Line Tetey, petive wellactonly fn ote = Bintgnem,ASN offers rade aresvoltages. If the device fails to work on your Oe eet ana otnenae tomaa me gotpour, thenateline, adjust their values accordingly. WOTE: By ply ull ash gintieseperegersve ody,= banat bees pwampedwth betesfromgreatly lowering the two resistor values, this nnn wonnentioes af ue ansther tve- noo may mace 5 aSnoop Light should work on “Black Box" calla! ‘Wieocicereix ihe plretingof thegov muamy garete mahens competng fof(To lat you know if someone picks up an extension core avers er oe pees on or enorthe trevemeyATaml causes the call to be billed.) This has not Vaanin Branpets, 2 etty af aboot | | omgmneeyat been done and if any readers experiment doing san stare ot ea cue ore peeee eeit, please send me your results via TAP and I will moan on thnPidbond. ee Awrite an update. Also please note that the polaritys Apcaelerennrodarsiomaitereyvent a reermenses bnme1M ageof hooking the device to the phone line aust be 4 fay wo PlameshoodPromsh. teenif gpenp inte iguss ms abmemt62 poem.observed ( + is tip, ~- is ring usually). When cand Lesguagen to eigass. At leadt Woo ihepetichewed.zomeone picks up the first axtension, LED i will Asks Statete Bey Phesesane. ener someone picks up the second extension, Mew Verh tateevwld bey Hy oweLED will lighe. injuphees vy parent.inginad of jeneengPLEASE NOTE; Contrary to advertised Claims Screw The ifs! F otien eccnkna "te "Auenbiveonof comme Mader.c rcial Snoop Lights, they will not detect "yes Menhotien Demoara saad indeALL types of taps on your phone line! Only extensionAAGTOR ~ Chamber peadent esuipenset Gistribaters cuil-type bugging is detected. If Pa Bell is tapping you . oh =a — ~ aoe oot et eoraatad(Er. excuse ma, “Monitoring for quality of sevice”) yoer jams8 ‘aad ym, by bepeng,PasChances are they are using techniques that are corey «TON etniesundectable by Snoop Lights. The Last ordSend any questions, comments etc. to: WwTHE MAGICIAN C/O TAP In Toll-FreeCallsPurbusinessmenwhe relyhevilyon the
5ttHHiieyntHl |itty iij{i!++
fiiiJTelepnengtine Ovwserve Polarity |~ L
IHtheHiiel

REALITY SANDWICHES byOz Y. Mandiasfafafafafafafaffafafa better, Runrunrunrunrunrunrun w away! Nano-mMano from your favouriteAcid-etched psycho-killer, hoping you have allhad a nice drugged-out, decenerate sunner, I'mback once acain with another “something foreveryone" column. So get down, hang loose, staycool and forgive the corny style.You know those cylindtical combin-ation bike locks with the rotating rings of nos?Some cheap models are very connon and really easyto pick, having been made with horrendous toler-ances. Grasr the lock'’s rody and pull on theother end, which rulls out with the rieht comh,If all the numbers are set wronr, when you rullthey will all nove slightly in the direction youpou Now to rick the lock, rotate on# numberrreferably the one closest to the end you'repulling )untt? it rto-n moving when you rvl1ll onthe end. It is now set correctly, Reneat withthe rematning nunters & presto} It's oren, Any-one enn naster this simrle technique after alittle -ractice and oren such locks in as littleas 15 reconds.x Nat? I wen pleased that so reonetook the tine to retrond to ny request in #57 andsent in the A~homb ~lans crinted in “Take Over,"a Kadison, Wisc. altermitive raper, Thanks? I alsohave the THC-79 hand-out *"Thermonuc. =xrlosivesDesien."Internsted parties can write ne for ‘am,Arprarently there were sone other plans sold atthe Con too, but being at a Stones concert atthe time(heh,heh)I didn't eet ‘em. Sand in yourplans$give me Bp br iua, oF Give ne Heth! Heard about one-shirt with the inscraption: “God ‘ade marij-uana, man made the drug liws...Whom do trust?”I*ve rot a rreat recice for nll you Ccaffictonados., Cut one fresh dinner roll in @ andavread the 2 halves with butter, Srrinkle overthe Futter avout a jointts worth of finely brokenup *Lonbo(or whatever). Sjap tne 2 halves tovet-her add pop itt into a iltcrownve oven for 2 min.Spread with etrawherry j27,e.7,, and en‘oy. In anhour or two you will *e incre 'thly huzzed, Try it~-you']l like it, but Te fure not to overindulreéor you’l] he sorry.For those into ex-lorinz the Isndecaves ofthe “ind lesally, citeck out mature’s Mert Coe,252. phe St.,5.F.,Crlif.,?4102, Kava Kava,‘yohinvde and other exotic mind candy are availablecheaply and with relinble service.Mediz "Home Workshop Gune for Defense and Resist-ance Vol. 1: The Submachine Gun," by Bill Holmes,is available from Faladin or Loompinics bor about36 and is a conplete guide to SMG constructionwith a minimum of tools and materials. Perfectfor those so inclined,
"The Search for the "‘:anchurian Candidate!"(John Kiarks,Tines Yooks,NYC)is the fascinatingbut chilling story of the CIA’s atteryts toenslave the nind throuch drugs and a host ofbizarre tehavioural control techniques. Theconclete ioral hankrurtcy of those in fower andthelr death scientist partners. The sick sociatyat its sickest,"Overthrow'(see the ad sheet insert),for ‘erlythea "Yirster Times" is the alternative mouth-yiece of the Yirrles. It covers nat'l and inter-nat'l news,do-e,pieine7,the ivew wave/punk sceneand other issues of today's redical scene. They-"re the first out with tha new credit card codeevery year and have en underground coilx sectionavery igeue, kell vyorth it if you give e fuck.when they "re not ~olite, apparentlya few flaned-out neurotics cet r.o.ed evervtineon “obrcene"*word is ured in TAP. These daevolutedmonroloids are topcretincus ts realize the atsur-Aity of respecting the warred mores and alnd-fick onanes of ae society whore very existance jg‘am ohecenity. As kenikaze radical J..!ploneywrote tefore offing some corkers recently: "Totho~e who do not know the world is on fire, Ihave nothtns to say.“He died for what he telleved~-would you”.LHFO aANTED Softwere wanted? How ahout all youcoicuter ~hraekn sending in sny vood source list-ines/rrogras.mes for ovr collective alzorithricenliehtenrent/enter*+ainnent. Ever played 3.2Kor JUNGSON? Fascia tings I knoyx that a lot ofc.chre2ks are real eccholes when it co c= t%honrdine Lintines/into, vo how about surrricing‘se for anca--~you dic?The mase trancit syetnes in Ont2rio haveeiens rosted infariing use sheer that their orer-ation is financially aided hy the Govt, A friendsew one euch eign on which soneone hed crossedout “Government” and written in “People.” Thewords of the TropheteceRevortin? from the Fart Lane, thie has beenOz, signing off.Say it once, why cay it aeain??°??Bell Tel’s phone cut offWASHINGTON — The mammoththree-year governenent antitrustcase against AT&Twaspet on hold briefty last month —becansethe phone company forgottopay ite phone bill. It seems that AT&Tpetup anoffice inthe Justice Depertmant bullding te look evergovernment documentsinthe case, butfailed topay the Muy officetelephone bill (0 the Chesapeake and Poiomac Telephone Co. Ca?Telephone sent out a warning bill calling on its parent company (opay $449.08 The matior was eventually resetved and phous service xnowpormal.TAP PENSMeosage from Within. To help commemorate the 10th anniversary of TAP-Bill Bell and to help us absorb the recent outragious Postal 1ultimate in writing gear, the TAP pen. Be the 5!how to fet at Bel Tel from within. Between first one in your circle of rip-off artists to tilist “p any" “Physi- sign theic rubber checks with the TAP pen, The TAP Eg+8 ings for hone Company” and sa pens come with gold embossed TAP - 10thcian's Optical Service," the Saint August- Anniversary 1971-1981 on the barrel and a cap. Buy :a few to help me keep our costs down. Only §.50 }tne, Florida telephone directory lists each. Send CASH, check, or money order tor %the following subscriber: TAP, Room 603, 147 W.42 St.,Hew York, N.Y. 10036."Phuchurselve Mahbelle, State Rd, 207."Keep up the good work! TAP, Room 603. 147 W. 42 St., NY 1003667