HINTS OM wWeTTAiny Startwa in Fifate KadioDy tae@ MaylcienFirate ravlv 18 De CORIhy pore. and sortepopurar th@aet days, pactiy uaue to tne PerrisL¥UDL@Dcy tOwards pirate srartions and party due tothe relatively @axy access to the pecessaryeqaiprent.Paratew Fcedio Cah De divided into tareccategurlex. Ine %¢s1’rsc As BhvCtweave prarating;Opecatiug OM tUnh@ Internationa, SDUCtwaVe Danas(sOmetinex wV¥en ON CB cradio)- The second 1s AR OFPA proadca¥t Band pirating, whaco l e€Eonx#iaer theBOSt phoA. The teirda as )=— fiwyali® paratingUtLLIZIRG vVireless AM Or YR microphones of dowpower (1e@cS than WU Bilirwatts). These devicesQc@ us@iess vven with @ iAaryv saatenda; the raage35 a yguarter-Bile maxigcea ahd due to bad design,the freyguency tenas to drift.ABOtHeC type Of transpittec failing into thetaird ("tegaiTM"p category 4S CarCier cCurreat.CefLrier current Can ran up to UU watts Dut areLimited because the Signal must Dw ted to thepower ian@ apd the signal tends tO disappear actne Meal@st ovAtility Poie@ tUranstoraer. TheIrequency 18 sore stable than the wWiceivss pikesbecause Crystal Cuntrol is used.LCarri@c current trans@itturs can be sede@xtresviy esetul Dy Dypasning tame AC 11n@ BatchingCepacitors and tweding the BSignai Girectty to auantennae, tas petting quite a bat of jyuice on thuPaic® and @fadilag you to pe h@ara tor piivs.Carrier Current transmitters are useaily easy toget at surpias Stores, cullege radio statlione,etc.Uther types of Sultadl@ CUranseittercs areavallaDdiw at BOSt waorpius @LECtronic stores anaumueliy creyuire very Littiea RBodiftzrcation to putthee on the ftrleyguwncy you wWadabt. dem radioRLLANDSMLITCeLCH aCe @iSO @A¥1LIY aAchapted, Ss8UChH 48BOdlILying a 4-Bvter FR Bam 'XIyg tO UraBBAt OF theYA DroadCast panod. It you are fwally gqung aoapout pirete fad1lo, DHI1G your own CCaADSRMLttel.Ir the transmitter you get is not powertal enougarur you, obtain a Lanwacr anplilfier as used 1A hanKadio to boust the power.As foc ante@nhus, e@xperi@ace has shown thebest type to pe a Srigsple, very Long piece of wiretur AA Daba ahd Shortwave piratiag, @28 1t 18 VeryAnconspicuous. TAs antenna sbhouia de matcued forthe TCCAasmritrec's Output BetWUrK. For mOrewnlormssation, Cesd any good Aas Fadio antenna DvOK.Fuck sbOrter @Atenhas Call De «ased foc FBbroadcasting. fOr this purpose, post people usemodified Bas Z-weter antennnas.Uther wyulpRent needyud can be ag Siasple or agcopplicated as you wish. You might jyast booK aTe¢dl-lO-Cwe@l Cape CeCorderc tO yOUK Uraagsmittec andbroadcast pre-recoraead sturrt Or you migket like toqo itive “shows” which 1s gucaA SOre patty.Eyulpaent needed for good live shows 18 aVUCBCaADLE (CWO, LI poxsxRlDle}, &@ Buppisy of Caecucas,@ BIXIVI DOard wWitR Cue@iny capabiiaty (1 recoan¢naadtoe Skare Production Master becanse of L10Ow cost,wmall size, aud goeat teatacex), a sicrophone, andOptsaonaraily @ Fad1O Station cart sachibe. The cartSBachine can De @xrperslve (check Surplus stores)but you caB reality sonna iike a pro Dy tRrOwing OnBtation jlogies and Other stutf vetwueen suAgS.Whole setupsB inciudrny Cturntapies, BIKe, BiIXAIVI,etc. ar@ £Old aw disco {aggnkht) coasoles, SO yO"Blight put one to better use Dy ROOKIBG 1t tO FUUrpirate station.Whur BesOcting a freguency to broadcast oR,pick ome that willi 1R RO wey ABterrere wlth aCOBBETClalL Stat2zoB OF You are sure to yet Caught.On the AA Daha, BOBt Pirates have found 1610-1o3UKHZ tO DO the Dest Since po compercial stationsare yet asslyned thwre. Whebh @Siny theBse vpscureLreyteocies, the FCC with generaiiy iAeave youailoge if gou follow some Sispie craies:i) Keep «a tow profile. Don*t tell the woridwhat you are doing.2) Man less than 10U waters.J} DO not. use Dratent (too Buch) ODSCeNnIty.%) RUSE IA bPURTANT: DU BUT INTERFRRE WITHA CUAPEMLAL STATIVUA!MOSt Picatw radio Dusty come Trom CoOsplaintsKegistered to tse FCC Dy Comaercidl Starions@ither pecadse of laterterence fros tae pirete orbecause they aCv jwaidus taat Ae pirate hasDetter prugkumsiny and 28 Stvaelinvny their aAudivace.
JAN-FEB 1981 NO. 65Tae PCC maw the power to Ciouw uown tae pirateStation, slap yoa with a $1U,UUU figw anayor oneyear iQ prison, But Hort to worry; Some pirateshave oOperateu ror yeers witnout propiess araexperience nasB SDOwD that Btatiows BUCH 45 WURUand WYAT, when finaliy Closead down, ali the PLEesualiy dv ws i= 3=« Cunt Aaswcate Tay = WY pment(admittedly « buamper) and send you away wita awarning. I have MEVEK Bvara of the #FUC ectuallygiving a neavy fine or #« Jala Cvrm to dDY pirate.The PLC haS LORNIUerS the uke Of 1OSsU KHZ AB to DvBomewhat of @ JOK@ wend with LUOK thw otner wayani@Ss turceaqd to act DeCéetsu OF cCOBpiarlats.Broadcast tisvs Shovwid De Alsited to OnLy sevulrassours per aay, preferandily at nigat to avoid tavchaeace of 1oAnocyphere propag ation CavwsinyAmvtertwrence aurfing the day on AR and Sw,AB you can see tcom tse above, piratebroadcastifg done with Common SeASe Can De phunand réwardaing - you @l1gOot even Rave your isintenargsCall you with CeguestS as woBe pifeatus do. Justgive out your numbwr a8 Ome side of 2 "cool4ooparound ana you stay diaied to the oOUber side(preferably tae tone sS1dve). Aw Jong as yore Keepyour wits about you and do sot try to Chalienge aStation iike WABC OM thelr own treguency wath surethan their SwW,UUU watts, you sould pew Oe Thuabove Hints serve oniy ax a pOtivator to yet youthinking ana I urge you to do a jot of reswarcaand get to know what you are doirgg pefrore going onthe girl. fL will pe giac tu abSuer any spwcrticqaeetions or comments. Send thes to Tae Adyician,c/o TAY.NEWSLINESDid wou ever heer pention of the AYTS&YNewslines 7 Or perhars vou maw know of a few ?Welt for the uninitiated, they are the"confidential" numbers st eres Phone offices thattelco emplowees cally For the latest info on newtechnoclodw, stocks etc. The rerporte range fromboreinga to vervs very interestina |Here they are! (Seauvenced byw NPA)201-751-9931 » NJ 513-421-9060 » OH203-771-4920 +» CONN. 316-234-9914 » NY212-393-2151 5» NY Hi8-471-2272 » NY213-621-4141 » CA (LA BELL) 617-955-1121 » MA213-829-0111 » CA (LA STE) 702-789-6711 » NEV,213-447-8830 » CA 713-224~6116 » TEX.312-348-8000 » ILL. 714-258-1111 » CAS149-223-7223 +» MI 717-255-5535 » FA314-247-3511 + m0 717-787-1031 +» PA408-493-3000 » CA 802-955-1111 » VE412-633-3333 » FA 808-533-4426 » HAWAII414-478-3511 » wt 813-223-5666 » FL416-929-4323 » ONT. 914-948-8100 » NY§O03~228-6271 » OR 914-480-8000 » CAMany of the above numbers do not sune.However this status changes from time to time so-"listen" carefully for suping when callings.I would sppreciate anv additicns aenvone hasto the above listr Just send em to me@ C/o TAP. csc.MAGICIANLeeAngeles Rejected by» evn ret pithe liwenfercement industry os SD rmect bet vara fot:. Weakbearted,while Rtsi dees aptprovileenough protectiontobp engldarted sg enable vie. cone,518 £ nentethal sifernativg te the po otes gun ands ns

— letters to the editor — |Ah, Thomas, you distress me. I recognized my typewriterin your latest issue, and I feel pressed to respond toyour response. At least | got front page...you must havereably gotten heated up.Now, those two issues were dandy, just chunk full of good,useful matorial. See what you can do when you set yourmind to 1t? As I noted in the previous migsive, we ofthe everyday world subscribe because we know litele afthe wondroua ways of the world of technology, and waewish to learn from the experts, reseorchers, and otherfouls who fence with the fucz on our behalf.Not for ma moment um I ungrateful....better you than mewhoac aee fp on the Lina. That alone justifies the priceof the subscription, and perhaps those occasional bustsprovide positive information for the faithful).People are, as yuu Suggest, basically lazy. They arealso bagically stupid (read ‘uninformed’), and for sucha reanon, they seek new informational? horizona. I cannotbegin to tell you the great joy with which your publica-tion ia recetved in the bureaucractic agencies here inWashington. 1 am frankly surprised that huge numbersof underlings at such places as the FCC and similarlodes of information aching to be mined, have not yetturned on the upper echelons by supplying you with® legislative bypass portfolio. (Hear that, bureaucrats?Your input need not be resistors and diodes: it can algobe more cerebral). Also, I know of a few vary high leve}people in a leading computer firm are subscribers.They Bight get some perverae joy out of letting us inon the creative guirks of their toys.But I digress.My Original complaint atands. When you spend your spaceDitching, the publication isn't worth it. When youdeliver, it's OK. We gubscribed to learn from those whoknow, oot to begin a career in phantom journalism. Igaurely sympathize with your problem, but I am uncertainthat your assessment of the rolution is accurate. I alsosubscrihe to Time and Playboy, but have never had eitherthe time, opportuntity, or inclination to visit theiroffices during ‘open house’, much less write their coverstory for them. Ae many of your articles have noted,there ia an incredible amount of information tucked awaytn odd corners of magazines, books and technical journalawhich ig either directly applicable or easily adaptableto Gur common interest of corporate guerilia warfare.Some creative use of the Dewey Decima] System might bein order by your extensive ataff of technical journaliate.I shall now gubmerge again to Middle Earth to pick thefuzz off my feet.Wagh., D.C.
iffiiif
eaii sateiti![fiMiteiut:!7ftSeyFtcEyi. jutHe: FFegreF *reeE
=rg©ag= {ei-ill:ij;i;ref
ruebetiri
!|lVleETreteaftireHpeliHieukfitajffirf;Et:ESEi
chEheRt,&
ii
fisiteffi=»¥
Dear TAP:I thought that T would makea few polnte sbout Power Bun’letter in the Janusry/FedDruary iugue.I agree with Power Bus about obtaining a copy of the Motor ve-nicte Code of the state you're drivi in. Generally speakin;,however, and this especially mpplies in a large metropolitanmren, there's no problem at all in finding a lawyer to tuxeyour case, They're the guys atanding in the Traffic courtlobby woeari three piece suits, with or without matentin:accessory briefcases (9> by 147). The great advantur: touming theae shyaters is that eject piers your casey wiilbe thrown out if you show up with a Jawyer, Unlege you'vedone something really horrible. For the average opecding, orBissed regulatory device violation, there's no problem. why?Traffic court ia @ revenue court and they are concerned withgetting as much money in as short & perlod of time as pursible.A lawyer can effectively tie up a court for One or two huurson something trivial, so it's more cost affective simply wolet these people who show up with lawyers off. The lawyerOperates on the wame principle: volume. Hecause of this,(unlegs you are about to lose your license) the fee for thelawyer will be about what the fine would have cost, and ofcourse, there's no mark on your record.Por many people, the driver’s license ia @easeantia). If youattempt to try your case yourself (and you better be good)Oddea are you aii) fail, and many states don’t give you morethan a couple of chances. With street smart counsel. it’sAlmost a sure thing, and you don't have to worry at @11 aboutlosing your license.Secondly, if yOu or your lawyer ask for a continuance, thelack of pronecution &5 day defense doesn't apply. It onlyBpplies whers delay mors than 45 days. There is a pro-vino like this in most states.Finally, while ay suggestions are good for the large cityoffense, if you're out in the atix, forget it. Small countyudges are normally quite willing to let you sit and yapor hours before assessing a fine with costa. If you takeinto account the extra time it took to get out there oan theday of trial, and return, it's better just to pay and forzet-If it is out of state, and you don’t often return to theastute, you may be able just fo forget about the ticket, uslong as you haven't posted bond, This happened to two friendsof mine: ane in Indiana, the other Misgisaippi. Both ticketswere for apseading on the interstates, and nothing has come outof either, (Though thay have avoided returning to these states,Or letting others drive while passing through.

Fee thees do letmw receI have bere seme little diversiees thad use sluplé equipmentwixisel risk. Tiieak ef then ag begimcer prejeste.ALARM SYSTEMSAlaru sywiem ace wulmeruklete ths
heurw andSiuse this breakge off as seenneguardedo- haeeel.
lf the Pourta Digit laiOvewRvaoww1981credit cardcode
weeOYbPBO waChecn Digit [Br
Live Better With ...FREE Movieby Claudius [As some of you may havenoticed, many hotels now offer inrooa ficat cun movies on thetelevison set (for a nominal fee,usually ranging from $3-$6).There are two variaatse ofthis system. One involvescalling the hotel dask, andrequesting that they tranemit arequested movie to your rooms.Our department is unfamiliar withthis system - details would beappreciated.The othar system involves amodified set. The customer{hotels have the annoying habitof calling them “guestsa", butnobody who charges me $68 pernight can call ma their “guest")fimaply tunes in the moviehe/she/it desires, and recievesthe bill at checkout time. Inorder to save the trouble ofrewiring the entire hotel, asingle cable is used. Zachtelevision cecieves the signalOver this cable, and tranamitsinformation back to the c.0o. (touse a telco term). Maturaily, itigs necessary to uniquely identifythe individual sete so as to knowwhom ig to rcecieve the bill.Thece are usually two dip switchpackages mounted on —~ printedCircuit board im the televisionget, Oc attached box. Thesesvitches are set to a obinarywalue which tella the hotelbilling machine who is watchingwhat. Simplg ceset theseswitches (remember what they wereao you can reset them later),enjoy the movies, and reset whendone. Although probably anunneceseary precaution, dt iswise to use a different sawitchPattern each night, and leave theunit in its original positionwhenever you are not occupyingthe room (or suite as the casemay be).it will probably benecessary to use a screwdriver toget at the dip awitch assembly.Once open, it s«hould de fairlysimple to find - after all, Chisis an adjustment which must benade to every set beforeinstallation. One more thing =try not ¢t0 giggle when you seesome sap arguing with the deskCleck about being billed formovies he did not watch.Porc those of you who need abit of clarification on thisconcept, I suggest you read tiemanual to a Sears garage dooropener. They use a Similar setupso that your neighbor's openerwon't open your door (orvice-versa).This is may first TAParticle. I will be ai regularcontributor providing that Mr.Edison considers my work worthyof inclusion in this journal.5-finger discount

cA JISTIThy TMhlash Bazho Fan,Yell, don't nanic! Took at the hrirht side, swith C15‘our d1lleval calls wil} sail throuch with onlv a mere1f-22 7s tem tine, ‘ow, with that in sind, let meexniain how tn terninal jum,First, let re eyniain terminal boxes ("cans"), és theoutside cans are penerally sore accessable, Y will dAvell onthem. “he larvest cans are about 3°'fx2’«'Yx1'® *% occursineall: or in grouns of 2 or 3. “his tyne holag about“99 — 120) nvairs, (Larrer cans are riskey huinness...)*“hese bieries are made by 3-" and hold a cable/In svatemthat ther call "®, ‘lext comes the alddle sixes ,anorox,ux 4y~"N, and the smal] "4ror boxes, shout Y4xh"sa,.“he larver of these two fis the “AT box, while thedron isthe splice for 2? or k lines. ther, amaller cans are rood,too, and can be found almost anywhere,especally aerial drops,etc. .Nou, for tools, mrt a set of ratchet vrenches (not crescent,mda fiede yet. hey won't work!) with 4" &A dow sizer, apair of tt cutters (optional), a penilirht, your book ofnumbers, and a box of TaChoy chicken errroks. Sor your phone,uke semetiae.t omALl]. and harnlevire a Ter “Veet of ware onesLie nmatar. 7 alvuaye use a couples o° tertene’ (hittin)“sae T realize they aren't ersii obtained bv evrvhodv,80...Alsn, ro with dial, not *T. T reulixe it can he apain for some of you auto-dialers, but at 2 a¥ with * dep,outside, it is a natin lookine for a T line,Mh! As vou hecome more involved with Jiraoine, vou may vantto obtain a Bull System hard hat, a set of "helt tools”, acouple of 100° rools of #22 solid, and a manhole "coverpuller”. The first ? make you lonk rood, the second 2 comein handy ocenstionally. TF had a euv fall for a Rell hat fna cTR srea code...70, find a can, In the 41) Svs. they usually aren'tLocked un, hut in some dndenendants, all are. "lavbe = PBill-Yors can't renemher combinations. Anvwav, if vou ean pick itgreat. If vou are like me, chon it off and hane onto it!!!(nothine worse then cut locks Yavine armm?) Ther think someaso lineman just forrot it. men it up, and the nonirs arearranred this war:(Bull & most others)y. WHITMF 1. 320Mae PFN -P, APATTTIPS 3. RILACK 3. GREET RISh. YMLLOW bh. BRO5. VIOLET 5. SLATEThus, pair “P is white-hlue, pair "2? is white-oranse, #23 inviolet-rreen, etc. [In larre cahles, the hanks are vrannedin color proups that are the same — hark 4, line 17 wouldhe the vellow-oranre nair in the vwhite-brown hank. Thisshoul’? save some searching, as white-re4, ete, is no pood.Anvuay, clin on a line and on. Tf the box Jnnearby (T shonld hope not thourh) leave your phone offthe hook before you ro, Tf you tap on and get the off-hookmenAgre, or the warhle, vo to 2 new pair. If vou are at
RING JOB by Grandfather's GhostSooner or later in our career as phreaks we runinto that unpleasant lock - the handowff look. Knowing how to open these can mean the 4ifference dbet-ween placing yourg@elf at the mercy of a Legal Aidlawyer or leaving them with nothing but your fake IDand a dangling chain. Don't panic; stage magicianshave made a living for years getting out of hand-cuffs, and that's not because they're hard to open.Best thing to do is borrow a pair ( 2 OOD pair-Smith & Wesson or Peerless) from your local noveltyBhop and practice: exanine the mechanism and get anUp-clome look at how they work. Breaking the cuffsinvolves hacksaws, heavy screwiritvers, etc., toolsthat are usually not available “in the field” so vewill concentrate on the two most common subtle meth-ods of opening or "springing”TM handouffs,METHOD 41 = The Shim. The shim is a thin stripof metal about 2" long, about 0.14" wide and no sorethan 0.01" thick. It's purpose is to separate thetwo ratchets (one on the "Jaw" or rotating section,and one on the locking mechanisms) that hold the ouffshut. To use the shis, slide it into the ouff-overthe teeth of the jaw, while pulling down on the Jawto prevent its tightening. (With practioe, and ifyou are SURE that the shim ia entering the ratcheteyou'can allow the cuff to close and oarry the shimwith 1% to get the ship past all 3 ratchets on thelocking section.) The inner ratchets are on a springand will press down into the body of the cuff,Bllowing the jaw to slide open. Under two conditionsthis method will not work - a) The handcuff containsan anti-shim wheel or gate, or b) the ouff has beendouble locked. This means that the end pin or leverhas been pushed in to prevent rotation of the Jawin either direction. When this is done the look mustbe picked twice, onoe in either direction, 80 on to:METHOD #2 ~ The Key (or a reasonable facsimile).The lock of a handcuff ise among the sisplest poss-ible, depending on its small sise for security. Thekeyway 16 also blocked by a post which acts as a pi-vot for the key (which has a hole in the ond tomatch) to turn on. You get two with a pair of cuffs,and Smith & Wesson keys will fit Peerless, thoughnot vice verag. Cutting part of the handle off a kaywill make it very oconcealable, and not affect itsoperation. A piece of spring steel like the one youused to sake your shim can be out and bent to act asm pick. Also, the metal barrel refills from someballpoint pens will fit the shaft, and if a sectionof the bottom is ont and bunt up, tt will work aswell as the intended key. Good luck with your magicaot! Grand paBack Issues are 50¢ each. Issue #50 is $1.00,mp‘ box, there is an clin and set of test wires insidethe rirht door, along with tnatmictions on how to use Subscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk rate $5. aS IS 4athem. When you are done, take the connector with vou. It US First Class in plain sealed envelope $7. 0) 4comes in handy when you want to call with a fellow phrear. Canada & Mexico First Class $7. < mAlso, {n some arean, vou can dial 611 + 3-9 and ret over- Foreign$8, + »seas direct. If not, so throursh the operator. (raution: IMPORTANT | Include mailing label or Xerox Copyat TSTS stations, the operator will ask your to neeif it matches what the console wavs, “ome arenas heve a * when writing to TAP ree ech eee ce Orneyou can dial to ret your 4“, an a test of the syaten, Tf , ’you are yucky, she wont ask, but it is always hetter tnfind out if vou can.)Anyhow, rive it a trv. And after a rood night of ralls,it {© nroper to preheat the oven tO LM and cook vourecrrols for 10 - 12 min. Serve with cocktail sauce, andWir-K cole. Hapny callings!
B - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers.2AP Mugs - $4. 50,ZAPT-shirts - $4. 50.TAP "Cracked Bell” Button - 50¢ each.TAP Cassette Tape - $3.50. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell,Joe Engressia, and Bell Security Chief John Doberty.see ne ene bese Send cash, check,or moneyorderto:— : fotere and werawhe have' 3 east.”— Oscar Wilde.TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036 | esr:65 Kanshay, 6. J.