ODDS & ENDS by Tom Edison 
Happy Birthday TAP! Five years old on May 1, 1976. 
Since the last issue there has been only one new reader 
response to the TAP T shirt. Talk about mail trickling in! 
‘The weather is starting to warm up and if you want to be 
“HIP TO YIP" this summer in your TAP T shirt NOW is 
the time to make yourself heard. If you think that I'm going 
to bust my balls and run all over N. Y.C. in the heat of the 
summer trying to find a T shirt manufacturer YOU'RE NUTS! 
June 30, 1976 is the deadline. If I don't receive a sufficient 
number of responses by then there will be NO TAP T shirts! 
A reader informed me that he is having trouble using his 
RED BOX, It seems that after he beeped in the right amount 
of beeps the operator came on the line and said that he was 
using a recording and that no money had been deposited. 
This is fast becoming an annoying occurance! To better 
understand this problem let me briefly review what happens 
when you use a pay phone. Your initial deposit of a dime or 
slug equivalent goes through the coin chute and eventually 
makes its way down into the coin hopper where it is held for 
later deposit or return. Just before it drops into the hopper 
it bits a plastic vane causing this vane to lower which then 
closes a Switch that completes the coin relay circuit. The 
important point to remember here is that a coin or slug 
MUST go into the coin hopper to close the relay circuit] 
‘When you make a long distance call the operator comes 
on the line to tell you how much the initial deposit should be 
and she RETURNS YOUR DIME] This resets the coin relay * 
in the open position and removes the relay from the circuit. 
After you've made your RED BOX beeps, all the operator 
has to do to see if coins were deposited is to check the relay 
circuit for continuity. If you did deposit coins the relay will 
be closed but 
if you "boxed" the relay will be open. Since the 
power requirements for the relay are 50 volts DC at 41 ma 
all that is needed by Pa Bell to test if the relay 
is open or 
closed is a smaller test voltage and current. You phone 
operators who are into Women's Liberation, now is a very 
good time to revolt against Pa Bell! Let us know how Bell 
does test the coin relay circuits. Surely somewhere out there 
in our readership are wives, sisters, girlfriends, and lovers 
who either are or know phone operators. If you're paranoid 
you don't have to sign the letter, just send us the info. You'll 
be doing a hell of a lot more for Women's Lib than you even 
realizel 
Back to our RED BOX dilemma. As a possible solution may 
I suggest that the next time you use a pay phone, after the 
operator has returned your dime, redeposit a slug which will 
give the indication that coins are being deposited and then 
beep the balance with your RED BOX. Remember, the operator 
has _NO way to tell how many coins have actually been deposited, 
just that at least one coin has been deposited! And if some of 
you have a guilty conscience about using a slug to screw Pa 
Bell you may use a real dime. After all, 10¢ is a very reason- 
able price to talk to your friend in California from New York, 
don't you think? 
My reading recommendation for this month is F.P.S,, a” 
magazine of young people's liberation. F, P,S. which originally 
stood for Fuck Public School, has for its goals more rights 
for young people,a more humane restructured society, and 
an end to agism, racism and sexism. While originally it was 
an independent and underground newspaper service, it has 
developed into a refreshing commentary on the problems of 
today's youth. One of the services that they provide is CHIPS, 
the Cooperative Highschool Independent Press Service, which 
serves as a clearing house for news and information relating 
to today's youth. If you're publishing an underground news- 
paper or want to start one they have all kinds of helpful info 
including your legal rights! Subscriptions are $10/1 year, 
$18/2 years, $24/3 years & $6/1 year if you're under 18, 
" which seems like age discrimination to me. For more info 
write to: YOUTH LIBERATION, 2007 WASHTENAW AVE, , 
ANN ARBOR, MI. 48104 or use your RED BOX and call 
(813) 995-4575. 
t 
q TAP 
MAY 1976 
NO. 35 
John T, Draper, better known as Captain Crunch, has been 
busted for the second time in San Francisco. He's accused 
of fraud 
by wire for making three calls to Bethlehem, Pa. 
using a Blue Box. John was placed on 5 years probation and 
is now free on $5,000 bail, 
. The following off-hook currents were sent in since our last 
issue: 
Burtonsville, Md. 13 ma 
Queens, N, Y. 
40 ma 
Westminster, Ca. 35 ma 
For you TAP readers who are into CB radio be advised that 
there are some unscrupulous individuals within the rank and 
file! The following interesting clip is from the N.Y. Daily News 
of April 22, 1976: 
Citizen Band Pays Off 
Cravtordaville, Ind, April 
sneda citizen band radio. call 
21 (AP) — John Gunset, 18, 
for help, = 
: 
of Omaha, Neb, wa stranded 
the other 
on Interstate 
74 near here 
walked across the road, pulled 
yesterday 
efter his car stalled. 
a knife and robbed Gunset of 
Police said 
that after be is- 
$54, 
Toronto, Ont. 
49 ma 
I hate to end 
my column 
on a sour note but a couple of TAP 
readers were pissed about the last few issues. They didn't 
like the light social criticism or the plugs for books, maga- 
zines, and underground records that were mentioned. They 
felt that TAP should stick to technical things and leave the 
social commentary alone. If these critics want only technical 
articles, let ‘em sub to Popular Mechanix! I don't know where 
these vegetables live but today technology depends on social, 
political, and ecconomic conditions and anybody who doesn't 
recognize this is a fool! The S-1 Bill, the :pollution of our air 
and water by the greedy pig monopolies, and the unsafe nuclear 
power plants being built (including that new horror being built 
right off the coast of New Jersey) are just some of the very 
important issues that cry out for examination and we will 
continue to do sol So go ahead, stay in your room and play with 
your Blue Box and yourself, and one day, when the phone goes 
dead and the lights go out and you finally stick your head out 
the door to see just what the hell is going on, don't be surprised 
to find people lying on the ground dying from pollution and 
radiation or people being swooped up in mass arrests thanks 
to S-11 Remember, 1984 IS closer than you think! (Tom, I 
couldn't have said it better mysélf. Jim) 
. 
. And finally, to the critics who felt that Mr. Phelps came 
down too heavy in his article on how to write to the TAP 
office, I can only say that he didn't word it strong enough! 
If you can't write, print or type your own name and address 
legibly you don't deserve a subscription to TAP! We are all 
volunteers on the TAP staff and none of us are getting a damn 
dime for working. If you think you could do a better job just 
drag your ass up here! Our office-hours are posted in every 
issue. If you live far away, write us! Remember that.before 
the staff was increased it was sometimes 6 months between 
issues! We're averaging about an issue a month and the mail 
is getting answered almost as fast as it comes in so I don't 
feel that you've got too much to bitch about, do you? 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE, Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
Warning: We will prosecute copyright violators.
ASK Mr. PHELPS 
Send in your questions and he will try to answer them. If 
you send a deposit to his bank account in Zurich, he will 
make an all-out, maximum effort. 
Q. Where can I get an effective bulletproof vest? 
A. Man, what kind of scene are you making? We can use 
you in the Advisable Missions Force. Drop by our office. 
‘The industry prefers the term "soft body armor". All of 
these products use aramid plastic fiber, invented by DuPont, 
who calls it Kevlar, It is remarkably resistant to cutting 
and abrasion. Tire makers are also using it, but only in 
the tread, and only a couple of plies, so we don't have bul- 
letproof tires yet. The armor's thickness, effectiveness, 
and concealability varies with the models. Do not expect 
Con: 
Reports to test them, altho Soldier of Fortune 
magazine ($8/year from Arvada, CO 80001) features ads 
for it and may. 
Recently newspapers publicized the fact that our Beloved 
Appointed (non-elected) Leader was wearing armor. This 
told would-be assassins to concentrate on head shots. (Note 
to SS, or Secret Service as they're called in this country: 
this was first mentioned in the NY Times 28, 9.75, so don't 
accuse us of "encouraging" anyone to shoot at the head of 
Jerry the Puppet. 
All that would do is cut off one easily 
replaced tentacle of the Octopus, ) One manufacturer's 
slogan is; "If They See the Armor, They Shoot for the Head" 
So do not brag about wearing it. Your arms and legs also 
will still be vulnerable, and you could bleed to death from a 
"minor" wound, unless you wear an outfit which makes you 
look like an astronaut. 
Some manufacturers and distributors have restricted sale 
of the garments to Law Enforcement Personnel. Such efforts 
are foolish. Not only is a diamond "forever", so is the free 
market, If someone wishes to buy something, someone else 
will offer it for sale. This applies to ALL commodities, 
Attempts to stop them are never really successful. They 
are at worst an inconvenience. DuPont will undoubtedly 
offer the Kevlar piece goods on the open market. Indeed, 
if they try to restrict it, their employees will smuggle it 
out, and sell it for a nice profit. A new "cottage industry” 
will spring up. Enterprising seamstresses will buy it. 
Can't you just see it? "Mother's Home-sewn Body Armor" 
Even wearing armor, getting hit with a bullet is no joke. 
‘The muzzle energy of a bullet is significant - the effect is 
like getting hit with a bowling ball, PACA states:"No 
claim is made regarding the prevention of injuries sustained 
from any blunt trauma arising out of the impact of the pro- 
jectile on the garment. The seriousness of such effects 
will vary depending upon a variety of factors, including the 
age, health and physical condition of the wearer." 
About a year ago, J. Capps and Sons of Reston, VA 2209) 
began publicizing their products, but are apparently no long- 
er in production. Too bad - they had an attractive line. 
Protective Apparel Corp. of America, 333 Sylvan Avenue, 
Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632 offers two vests. The heavier 
Model O weighs 4 pounds, is 15 plies, and will stop a .45 
auto, 9mm Parabellum, and .357 Magnum. Price $159. 
Second Chance Body Armor claims to be Number 1 - that 
they have saved the lives of more American policemen (70) 
than all other body armor manufacturers combined. Whe- 
ther you think this is good or bad depends on where your 
head is at. They have quite a variety of models from 2 1/2 
pounds up to their heaviest (non-concealable) model which 
weighs 10 kilos and will stop repeated hits from armor 
piercing military ammo, I am not including their address 
because they will ignore inquiries from non Law Enforce- 
ment Personnel, 
Soft body armor is reasonably priced GENUINE life insur- 
ance - unlike those worthless paper policies con artists try 
to sell you. Try stopping a bullet with a paper "piece 
of the 
Rock"! All it will do is make your beneficiaries wealthy - 
or make the insurance company even wealthier than it al- 
ready is, if it uses the inevitable fine print to welch. 
A VISIT FROM THE GESTAPO? 
No sooner had our issue 33 featuring the article on tax 
refusal gone to press, than the April Playboy appeared, 
urging boldly on the cover "Defy the IRS! A Revolutionary 
Movement Takes Root in America". I even went out and 
bought a copy, rather than wait for a sticky hand-me-down. 
Thad been inclined to appeal to people's rational self-interest 
as the justification for tax refusal, but after seeing this 
article, I'm inclined to use a different approach: "Tax 
Refusal is What's Happening and Where It's At, so Join the 
Crowd, Baby!" 
The same issue featured an interview with Governor 
Brown of California. Tho not a Libertarian, he appears to 
be the best, by far, of the bad lot who are pulling the strings 
of our society, 
A couple of weeks later, on March 24, one of our volun- 
teers came up about 6pm and reported that he'd seen a con- 
Spicuously inconspicuous dark sedan parked outside our 
office for a while. Two agent-types were sitting in it star- 
ing steadily up at our window. (They couldn't see anything 
at that angle) They drove off after a while and haven't been 
back, If they do return, I'll send Barney to bug them. This 
proves, incidentally, that at least one of our readers is a 
FINK! An INFORMER! 
I was talking to an Italian IRS supervisor the other day. 
He looked just like a Mafia enforcer and I joked about it. 
He admitted it was more fun and profitable to work for Big 
Brother, than to work for the Mafia and have Big Brother 
"T realized that anyone in this country, any time and in 
any way, can be attacked and vilified by a particular kind of 
bureaucracy that grows like a galloping cancer." That was 
Ingmar Bergman, announcing that he could no longer live in 
Sweden (and you thought things were bad here?) He said he 
bad been harassed and humiliated by "a bunch of prestige- 
seeking poker players" in the tax bureaucracy. These 
parasites demanded 139% of some of his earnings, so he 
split. The gov't will lose $1.2 million in taxes on foreign 
bookings made for his canceled film projects. Talk about 
killing the Goose! 
Mr. Bergman has lived all his life in Socialist Sweden 
and unfortimately has apparently been brainwashed. A 
sucker to the end, he announced he was leaving his fortune 
in Sweden at the disposal of the Tax Board, if he loses his 
suit, If he owes any further money, he intends to pay itl 
Why? For what? TAXATION IS THEFT! He should 
follow the advice of Harry Schultz Ph.D. (Phony Doctor), 
who is probably the world's sharpest investment advisor. 
"Everyone should have have three different countries; the 
country of his citizenship, the country he lives in, and the 
one he banks in." 
According to an unconfirmed report from a usually reliable 
source, IRS parasites in Wyoming no longer leave the city 
of Cheyanne, because 4, four, count 'em, FOUR agents have 
disappeared, mysteriously, without a trace. I don't see 
that it's mysterious at all, Wyoming is rough country and 
they were probably eaten by grizzly bears. It's only fair - 
they're parasites who live off productive people so now 
something's living off them.’ Wyoming, the first Liberated 
Zone! Readers of Atlas Shrugged probably expected Colorado 
would be first. Today, Wyoming; tomorrow, the US? 
FDR (ugh!) once said "We have nothing to fear but fear 
itself" sodont fear the IRS, FIGHT THEM! 
We had some more excitement in April. The building at 
1241 Broadway was totally gutted by fire, The cloud had a 
Silver lining, however. An office of IT&T was among those 
destroyed, Someone speculated that an arsonist might have 
gotten the address wrong. Hmmm! We're at twelve-oh-one. 
And, by the way, our building is sprinklered, 
We've been looking for a logo for some time. Recently 
fellow walked in and showed us a couple he'd been working” 
on, Opinion was unanimous and we hope everyone likes it, 
because you'll be seeing it for a while. If anyone needs the 
services of 
a good artist, we highly recommend #3 GD 
His address {s i 
EES 
and his 
Social Security Number is #3 -0- Sam.
MISSION:IMPOSSIBLE! 
We will start by playing a word association game. 
The 
word is: "Duncan" Perhaps you thought of Macbeth? Or 
the Duncan yoyo? If you're one of us, you thought of those 
ubiquitous sidewalk piggybanks which harass motorists. 
Inside these is wealth beyond your wildest dreams (if your 
wildest dreams are modest) and all you need are the keys. 
Let us follow a purely hypothetical miscreant on his 
purely hypothetical mission. Do you know that Gypsy 
recipe that begins "First you steal one chicken..."? Well, 
first he steals a meter. A 2" Ridgid pipe cutter is neces- 
sary. It can be bought for $30 with no questions asked and 
no ID is required. The typical perpetrator may prefer to 
steal one from a construction site. Do not try to econo- 
mize by getting a cheap tubing cutter. Replacing the rollers 
with extra cutters is optional. 
Meters should be selected with care. Just as some 
crops are best when harvested under certain moon signs, 
meters are ripest when harvested a day or two before the 
collector visits. One perpetrator chose a meter hidden 
behind a temporary construction shanty and all it contained 
was one #14 brass washer. As meters get stolen, replace- 
ments are fitted with an outer pipe to prevent use of a pipe 
cutter. In some neighborhoods, this is the only kind one 
finds. Noisy sledgehammering is necessary to drive the 
outer pipe into the ground if one is determined to get that 
particular meter. 
3 to 5am is a good time. The meter is heavy - about 
30lbs for the standard "Urban" model. The "Ghetto" model 
with the beefier top is heavier, and the "Jungle" model is 
even heavier. Two or three strong net shopping bags inside 
an opaque one should suffice. The pipe must be cut at least 
2 1/2" below the meter to avoid the internal clamp. 
The door of the meter is 3/8" thick and the sides are 
5/16" thick. Opening it is easy when one knows how. Drill- 
ing in | locations will expose 4 socket head screws. The 
bit may snap as it breaks thru. Anyone with access toa 
milling machine will find it easier to sink a 1/2" end mill 
in these locations. Remove the four screws and the door 
will come off. The inner can which holds the money is 
made of thin aluminum. Do not throw away the can when 
you are finished with it. Remember that aluminum is recy~ 
cleable. 
Remove the screws in the door, remove the lock, and 
Study it. 
It is an unusual design and making keys is rather 
difficult. Few locksmiths have the machine, and besides, 
each lock is stamped "RESTRICTED". Making keys re- 
quires an Iico Bell key machine or a small pantograph. The 
lock on the inner can has three pins per side and rather 
loose tolerances, It appears that ONE KEY will open all 
the.inner cans in the city! 
Now for the bad news: the OUTER locks are ALL differ- 
ent! It is believed that they were changed after the last 
major ripoff. Enterprising individuals acquired official- 
looking uniforms and carts and went into business for them- 
Selves. There is no such thing as a "master key” and the 
locks are so designed and so deeply buried in the door that 
they (probably) can't be picked. Now you know the reason 
for the title of this article. Anybody want to buy 100 feet 
of 3/32" x 1/4" rectangular brass bar key stock? 
Your mission. Observe the collectors in YOUR city. 
Perhaps they use the same key for all of the meters. It 
may even be an easily made tubular Ace-type key. Report 
your findings to us. Do not send meters or locks to us! 
Hh 
Cutaway end view of lock 
Wafers may be spring or 
gravity operated 
‘THANKS 
to everyone who sent in info about CB-phone interfacing. 
We will be having an article about it shortly. 
WE WOULD LIKE INFO 
about Federal Agencies' radio frequencies - DEA, etc. 
A friend of mine who was quite impresséd with James Bond's 
Aston Martin with its revolving license plate has been sug- 
gesting that I rig something similar on my "Great Escape 
Machine" If anyone has designed anything like this, let us | 
know the details. 
Letters From Readers 
3.76 
THe Waite House 
(WASHINGTON 
DearTep, 
Enctosed is a 4 dollar check, | 
Could won please send me Courses 
A,B,C and D. Also the 3 Fallowinss, 
fact sheets, Displawgd Red Sox, 2600 
whistle perfector, amd the Duattone, 
oscillator. Tama suloseriber so T 
have the corrections forthe Red Box 
Name withheld to 
protect the guilty
Dear TAP, 
Switches: I've been building blue ones for quite some time 
now and always on the lookout for good cheap dpdt or dpst 
Switches. The Grayhill 35-1 is okay but has risen in price 
to about $1.75. There are also a number of cheap switches 
T've read about which are not small and don't fit well into a 
Small compartment.One is made by Cherry and can be bad 
for .70 surplus, I've never tried toggles but I guess that 
would be one solution (actually what we need is a touch- 
tone chip such as is available now for regular dialing 
frequencies. .. that'll be the day). Just finished the advanced 
blue box with the 555 chips- couldn't you also use the 556, 
which is a dual chip? Seems to work fine so far. You can 
hear a "different" sound than the one issued by unijunction 
types. But much simpler to build. 
Name withheld 
Editor's note: Good idea for dual 555's. However, you can't 
use a 556 for the 555 Red Boxes, as several readers have 
suggeSted. Only two separate 555's will work because the 
V+ pins of the two timers go to different points in the cir- 
cuit, and in a 556 the V+ pins of both timers are internally. 
tied together. And no, the circuit can't be modified to let 
the 556 work. 
Back Issues - Listed by feature articles 
50¢ each, 40¢ each if complete set is ordered 
- Extensions, Conference Switches 
7 - Tuning your organ, 3-slot ripoffs 
8 ~ Credit card calls, 1972 code 
9, 10, and 1 - Blackbox parts 1, 2, &3 
12 - Blue Box plans 
18 - Int'l calls & codes, Bluebox plans 
14 - More codes, AT&T Papers, CA test #s 
15 - 1973 Credit Card Code, T network 
16 - Red Box plans 
17 - Red Box, Line Relay, ‘Don't Get Busted" 
18 - Outgoing long distance call stopper 
19 - Snoop light, Taping Fortress tones 
20 - Cheesebox (Conference line, or looparound) 
21 - Automatic phone tap, Convention report 
22 - Answeroo, "How we catch Red Boxers" 
23 - Free electricity 
24 - Fraud Detectors, Index, 1974 CC Code 
25 - New Red Box, Free Gas 
26 - New Bluebox, Con Ed key (also 23, 29) 
27 ~ Free electricity, Bluebox correction 
28 - Reading computer bills, loop suffixes 
29 - Improved Bluebox & Snooplite, Int'l codes 
80 - Party lines, Fortress éxtension & locks 
S1- Black box, RAO Credit Card Codes 
32 - '76 CC Code, Improved Red Box 
33 - Supermarket codes and ripofis, tax refusal 
34 - SS #, Inside the Fortress, Fone Fucker 
‘Spbterintions 
- 10 issues - US balk rate $4. 
‘US First Class in plain sealed envelope $6. 
‘Canada stapled $4 
Foreign 
7. 
Include mailing label or xerox copy when ‘writing to TAP 
about your subscrintion, 
Raoks - 
Monopoly $1.20 
‘Gourses 
- 504 cach A~Basic Electricity B- A.C, 
C~ Basic Phono Operation D- Amplifiers 
Send Only check or monay order (NO CASH) to 
‘TAP, 162 W 42 Street, Room 64, New York 10038 
‘This is a mail drop only. 
Office: 1201 Brosdway, Room 808, New York 10001 
Hours; Wednesday, 4~7pm. 
Published for informational Purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to 
BULK RATE 
U. S. POSTAGE 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W.42 ST.,NY10036 
PalD 
35 
@ Supermarket Cheating 
The nationally prominent magazine, The Atlantle 
Monthy, recently published on arte ‘ue, “Rip- 
Off ot the Supermarket.” March, 
19! 
‘The article was offensive March. lee industry 
that at least one food chain, Safeway Stores, banned 
the sale of the magazine 
on its premises. 
‘The article.dealt heavily on supermarket practices 
that cheat or mislead customers, including false 
labeling of the weight of meat, prominent display 
of higher-profit foods, and other questionable mer- 
chandising practices, 
‘The intarnational Teamster 
Penni 
No, 209 
Great Neck, NY,