TAP has changed both its name and address. We are now the: 
Technological 
Assistance 
Program 
TAP's new address is: 
TAP 
ROOM 603 
147 W. 42 ST. 
NEW YORK 10036 
A name change was appropriate because with this issue of 
TAP we begin a new era in publishing. For the last year we 
were crippled by a lack of mailing labels, caused by Al Bell's 
screw up. It has taken this long to reorganize the master 
subscription list but the task is finally done. On August 8, 1979 
T mailed out issues 57 & 58 and on September 1, 1979 I mailed 
out 59 & 60, We will continue to run on schedule. TAP will be 
mailed out on Jan, 1, May 1, and Sept. 1. All submitted work 
MUST be typewritten with a 5 inch type column width. There 
will be NC exceptions!!! Deadline for all submitted articles 
is one month before publication dates. The same deadlines 
apply to ads for our new classified sheet (Dec. 1, April 1, 
and Aug. 1). Speaking about our new ad sheet, I hope that 
you will take advantage of our low rates. If this sheet cannot 
become self-supporting, I will be forced to cancel it. 
On April 22, 1979 TAP sponsored our annual convention, 
‘THC-79, at the Diplomat Hotel in New York City. A large 
crowd gathered to hear seminars on topics ranging from the 
use of MF tones in signaling to the use of atomic power. Bell 
training films on ESS were shown. Available at the convention 
for both group and private discussion were: Al Mundy, Mr. Phelps, snd soyany 
att have thes own 
Cheshire Catalyst, Ted Vail, Sam Tobe, Agent MDA, the 
Litchfield Larcenist, Computer Wizard, Peter Piper, and of 
course yours truly, Tom Edison, If you would like to help plan 
the next TAP-Con or you would just like the opportunity to rap 
with the TAP staff, we "meat" every Friday night at DIONYSIA, 
Jones & W. 4th St., Greenwich Village, New York City from 
5:00 PM to 8:00 PM. 
. 
The following letter from John Draper (a.k.a. Capt Crunch) 
was distributed at THC-79, I thought you'd all like to read it. 
GREETINGS--- 
Since 1 am not attending THC-79, 1 have prepared 
this letter to be read 
so that my current status and 
intentions can be clearly made known to those 
individuals who may be interested. 
The 
most important thing 1 have to say is that, 
for severa] reasons, I have permanently retired from 
phone phreaking. This is not the result of any 
persona) dispute with phone phreaks themselves 
(although we are all aware of those individuals that 
play both sides), but rather a realistic decision 
that it's time to move on to new areas of legitimate 
interest, such as professional computer programming. 
So to preserve my personal privacy and freedom, 1 
have chosen to remain as far removed from any and al) 
phreaking activities as possible, and wish to have no 
further contact with phreaks or other individuals who 
may have similar interests. 
While 1 am currently serving a sentence for ay 
third conviction under the toll-fraud laws (in this 
instance, for violating conditions of my probation 
due to the Pennsylvania arrest), with a release date 
set for late summer of this year, my 
main purpose now 
and in the future is to pursue those goals, like 
programming, 
which 1 now find more rewarding in both 
personal and 
economic ways. Besides, computers are 
fun, tool 
So, in parting, remember to stay 
free 
take care, and get high 
in technology, that 
ia)! 
Editor's pote; John was 
recently released from 
the California slammer. 
Sincerely yours, 
John Draper 
TAP 
fe 
SEPT -OCT 1979 
No. 59 
“Number 
of the 
povernment, 
Mischievous subvcribers 
could, 
Please.YOur vetswriiiine” 
wopenwterty a 
or einen ong, Rar atacm ayn 
Majesty? 
cf 
(or service urgent call. Facrcise 
department askean operator for 
ls, 
the handbook goes 
on to 
made by members of the 
Home Office und the Armed * 
Gisclouns. 
=, 
~The 
Operating Handbook, the 
ihe of Fox Office telephone 
totundie 
Rapet Exerias Poot” Fete uhe pubticlongditance “UAdercurrents #16 
nctwurk, 
setting 
communications 
system during 
to handle Royal, Exercise, Poot, 
sand many other special cas, 
a8 
well as special procedures like call 
‘aig ta chain the samen 
oe USES, 
‘! 
Operating Handbook 
wan ent 
isreveated, are 
‘2 “Trunk Poot which 
‘can be taken over at whim by 
Government Departments ~ and 
‘elected <ubseribers’, Teunk pool 
lines and the trunk subscribers 
together are believed to form the 
cure of the Pas! Office's top 
cret Defence Network 
Due to space 
limitations, this 
article and the 
letter below 
addressed to Jim 
Phelps were not 
in the last issue, 
special priority service, which may 
‘be used merely by phoolng the 
od 
ight 
Emeagency Alamuul Switching 
System. tf even the simple pro- 
‘dures 
for diconnecting “Unim: 
telephones in cae 
af war 
ate not sufficient, 
then carefully 
selected operators 
will retteat to 
fallout pratected emergency 
switehboards underground, a the 
cannot tolerate basement of aipe telephone 
at might be in free, exchanges, 
ts all surprhnngly. that fs 
nnecestary. 
Royal callsexa 
be. 
The P 0 is considering stopping collect calls as fraud 
from people calling pay phones collect has soared to “alarming 
Proportions”. Germany has already discontinued this service. 
Another simple method of fraud is the "booked call" proced- 
ure, where you book a call for a certain time to any national 
or international #. All you need to do is to book the call 
from a domestic phone to a payphone for whatever time you 
want to make the call and make sure you're’at the payphone at 
the right time to receive it. 
Please reprint the Undercurrents article "Number please, 
Your Majesty". All you have to do to make a free call in the 
UK is to say to the operator "This is the Post Office here, 
can I have a service call please (or a ‘service urgent call’ 
if you're ina hurry). The operator will ask your number and 
the number yau're calling, but since engineers on customers’ 
premises often call engineers on other customers' premises 
there is never any comeback. Bell engineers must also use 
the same kind of method, Just listen the next time you have 
an engineer around who wants to call his base. 
Botheinternational and national telegrams and calls can be 
sent and made via the operator by giving as your # the # of a 
multi-line business on your exchange, Rs I mentioned in #43 
there is no way these can be checked or that you can be caught 
{unless your phone is tapped). Please choose #s of multina- 
tional corps. that can afford it. 
For those of you who may not have understood all the terms 
in #43, CCITT v.24 (not volume) modems (data sets) are used 
in Western Europe and the data tones used here are fncompatible 
with RS232 (Bell standard) modems. When I said the PO stinks, 
it's because it rents 300 bits per second modems at £100 per 
annum (which can be bought outright elsewhere for $80 or so). 
Of course the P O has a total monopoly of these here. 
If 
you're interested KP04412786061ST gives a demo of all the data 
tones used in the U Kk, 
"TKO'ing" is Trunk Offering by which the operator or Feds 
use special lines to intercept calls in progress and to check 
if the catler has given a true own #, 
. 
Oepravo
VIDEO VISIONARY 
by The Wizard 
WHAT??? RENT A BOX TO WATCH MOVIES??? FOR 
$15+ A MONTH??? HERE'S HOW TO BUILD YOUR OWN... 
If you are living in the New York vicinity, you 
are probably receiving entire, uncensored, and un- 
edited fairly recent movies right at your antenna 
terminals, To watch them, all you need to do is 
add this circuit to your T,V, and buy some popcorn, 
The decoding process itself is very basic, but 
building one that works is moderately involved, 
You will qualify as an active filter expert after 
you complete it, 
Tuning channel 68 (or 60 for liew York) during 
Pay TV, broadcasts (8 PM to 2 AM) will bring in a 
dark picture with a white pedestal that tears with 
the picture, To "decode" the picture, the pedestal 
must be offset back into the black region where it 
belongs, Your T,V, will now syne on it, the color 
burst will retyrn, and the AGC will properly limit 
again, The decoder box will provide movie audio 
output to your amplifier and speaker, 
The transmitted audio portion of the station's 
signal is very’ similar to that of an FM stereo 
broadcast station, There is a pilot tone and a 
subcarrier for the rest of the audio, The pilot 
tone is at 15.738 KHz (in phase with the horizontal 
sync of the picture) and the movie audio is single- 
sideband which requires a 31.476 KHz injected 
carrier for product detection, Notice that the 
carrier frequency is double the horizontal sync 
frequency, 
I recommend that you install a DPD? switch on 
your T,V, and use it to switch the detected audio 
from your T,V, to the decoder box, the other half 
of the switch to romove the de-emphasis cap from 
the circuit, The first thing you must achieve is 
to pick off the pilot tone with a peak/notch filter, 
This filter is tuned to 15,738 KHz with a gain and 
Q of about 10, 
The notch output will be discussed 
later, The peak output will feed your PLL (I used 
a Harris HA-2825), and a buffer (7438) is attached 
to the PLL output to boost the current for both the 
return loop and audio carrier, A /2 (7490) and a 
sharp filter (Q of 50) is used in the return loop 
to cause the oscillator to run at 31.476 KHz. The 
filter is extremely important to reject noise, The 
output from the 7490 will be a clean sync signal 
with which you can now easily drive another buffer 
(the 7438 contains four buffers, so that you still 
have two spare buffers), This second buffer is 
used for isolation purposes only, The buffer's 
out put is now ready to trigger a pulse generator 
composed of a dual timer (74221 or equivalent), The 
first half is to be used as a delay, 
It should be 
variable over the duration of 4 cycle, or from 0 to 
30 usec, The first timer's output triggers the 
second timer which corresponds to the pedistal off- 
set time, or, about 6 usec, _A simple circuit can be 
rigged in your T,V, to offset the pedistal using 
this +5 volt pulsed signal, 
The input to your first video amplifier can be 
loaded at the proper interval by an externally 
variable negative voltage on the gate of an FET 
(the Sk3112 is perfect and very conservatively 
ratec for this plication), During normal T,V, 
viewing or during periods between the pedestals on 
Pay TV, transmissions, the gate should be driven 
even more negative so that it pinches off the trans- 
istor's effect on your T,V, Minus 4 volts and 
more negative will pinch it off totally, The less 
negative voltage will dlow leakage from the FET's 
source (chassis ground) to the drain (attached to 
your first video amplifier's input), 
Vary this 
voltage to give the proper loading offset (too little 
offset will cause picture tear and too much will 
cause vertical roll), If the offset bar cannot be 
located over the pedestal, just invert the input to 
the first timer by using a third buffer, 
. 
The sound recovery is much easier, 
‘fe will make 
use of the notch output of the first filter for this, 
The output was notched at the pilot tone frequency 
to assure that this would not be detected by the 
product detector, Another bandpass filter is used 
to filter out noise from the rest of the spectrum, 
The audio is upper sideband so tune this filter for 
@ response between 32 and 42 KHz, This signal (along 
with a greatly attenuated quare wave signal from the 
PLL output buffer as the carrier) will produce good 
quality audio using a 1496 IC as the product detec- 
tor, to be passed along to your audio amplifier, 
A few cautions regarding active filters; any 
DC offset voltage on the filter's input will give 
very disappointing results, so use a .1 uF cap be- 
fore all filter stages of the circuit, The stability 
of the filters*is also of primary importance, The 
3401 (3900) IC is an excellent quad op amp for 
filters which can be driven with a power supply 
from 6 to 26 volts or more, Another area of con- 
cern is the stability of the dual timer. Drift in 
the timing caps will create an annoying drift of 
the pedestal offset delay adjustment, Insufficient 
filtering in the phase lock loop return will cause 
picture break-up during action scenes, Inadequate 
skirts on the 32-42 KHz audio bandpass filter will 
allow a high degree of video noise residing in the 
lower sidebaid area to be detected since the 1496 
doesn't know the difference, 
All the information necessary for construction 
of the stages was provided in the IC manufacturer's 
data books, 
T have heard that some cable companies have a 
movie channel that looks similar to that of 
channél 68, except that the adio is already pro- 
vided, Perhaps the audio is not on a subcarrier 
to keep the signal bandwidth within normal limits, 
The pilot tone may still be part of the audio signal, 
or it may be at some other frequency, 
I would be 
very interested to learn more about this from 
anonymous sources, Please pass any info directly 
to TAP and it willbe passed on to me, 
Good luck and don't hog the popcorn,
DECODER BLOCK DIAGRAM 
B2-42UH 
—| Bandpass 
FusER, 
AT 15738 cote 
9E 
ROL 
ACENE Fai@ 
yy 
ouicqoR 
weoy 
15 Te KH 
7 Os. 
AUP 
— sien | +2 
out 
Furr 
a 15.738 Khe, 
BUFFER 
Don 
4 
aye” 
5 PTV 
| ae 
OFFSET 
cat 
A very interesting item is the United States Congress, Title 47, 
Tom Edison ......Editor-in-Chief 
Communication Act. This act is what has been used to have the 
bans on radar detectors struck down in court. An excellent article 
on this appeared in the classic issue of Car and Driver September 1977. 
What this Act of Congress does is to give the right to receive all 
radio transmissions "to all the people of the United States". What 
this has the effect of doing 4s preventing any local, state, or federal 
government from suppressing your right to reception. It should be noted 
that Title 47 defines the nature of the signals in a very broad scope. 
Title 47,Sec 153 (b) "Radio communication or communication by radio of 
writing, signs, signale, pictures and sounds of all kinds". 
One other 
importont point is that Sec. 605 of this same act can be used against you 
in federal court. It states "no person not authorized by the sender 
shall divulge or publish the existance, contents, substance, purport, effect, 
or meaning of such intercepted communication to any person". 
One other 
item that 19 interesting 46 that the regulations for CB radios REQUIRE 
‘the license to be posted in a clearly vissible place and if o copy is 
posted it MUST indicate the location of the origional. So if the man 
(bear) stops you and you find out he has a CB VERY POLITELY inquire of 
the license, if there is one and where it is. Also have on hand a copy 
of Part 95 which lists this rule. Then if he issues you o ticket, etc. 
POLITELY ask if he will accompany you to the headquarters since you 
understand he was only doing his job, and you would like to file a 
complaint sbout the improperly licensed transmitter. If you are POLITE 
and not high strung and know the facts exactly, chances are the entire 
matter on his side and yours may wash out and you my never see the desk 
sargent. If you do then stick to the EXACT FACTS. 
| Enough of the preliminaries already. The entire point of this is that you 
can legally receive ANYTHING if you keep it to yourself. Thié brings up 
one point of interest in the TAP office area. WOMETCO home movies, which 
is on UHF Channel 68. They scramble the signal and for $14.95 a month 
or $179.45 @ year you can get a little box and small UHF antenna which 
decodes the picture and sound. Now the request WHAT IS THE BOX and 
© 
WHAT IS THE METHOD OF SIGNAL ENCODING. With this information you can 
‘construct your own box (possible not for resale since it may be patented 
“18 go the patent office has the details and a copy can.be obtained from 
them). AND ITS ALL LECAL the US Congress gave us ALL the right. So get 
busy with the info and contact TAP. There are those of us who can construct 
the unit with enough details and make up a PC board which con be printed. 
A couple of ideas are that the sync pulse is inverted or otherwise chan: 
and the audio is shifted in frequency within the transmitted bandwidth, since 
you receive a ‘tearing’ picture but with an anouncers voice telling you 
how to get the service. There maybe other areas in the US and World with 
similar systems. IT IS VITAL THAT INFORMATION BE FOWARDED FOR THIS LEGAL 
ACTIVITY since TAP 1s one of the only medias that can pass 
it along to 
other interested parties. 
One other interesting LEGAL idea is that atleast one and possibly several 
nationwide networks are being set up or operating that use satellites to 
ptovide coast to coast service for reloying cable TV movies 
etc. What an 
interesting idea, to receive this info, decode it and display it at no 
user fee. But there ie one slight draw back, most microwave equipment 
is very expensive, so home brewed idens are a must. 
Staff Writers..... 
Cheshire Catalyst, Jim Phelps, 
Alexander Mundy, Computer Wizard, 
Feature Writers ..... 
Agent MDA, Oz Y, Mandias, 
Sam Tobe, Ted Vail, The Magician 
Contributing Writers . 
Dr. Charles A. Forbin, Robert Neville, 
Nickolai Testicle, Peter Piper 
Consultation, Syntax, and Complaints ..... 
Tim Phelps 
TAP is published bi-monthly for informational 
purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to: 
TAP, Room 603, 147 West 42nd Street, New York, 
N.Y. 10036. 
Back, 
1g are 5Of each, Issue #50 is $1.00, 
Sse, 
= 10 issues US Bulk rate $5. 
NE 
‘US First Class in plain sealed envelope $7, 
=| 
Canada 
& Mexteo Firs. Class $7, 
A 
Foreign $3. 
cAI 
Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
‘when writing to TAP about your subscription. 
Electronics 
- SF each, A - DC Basics, 
'B - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D- Ampiiflers. 
TAP Mugs - $4.50. 
TAP T-shirty - $4.50. Specity 
size and color : Small, 
Medium, Las 
‘Extra Large. Black 
or red T-shirt 
‘with white TAP logo. 
Cassette Tape - $3.50. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell, 
Joe 
ressia, and Bell Security Chief John Doherty. 
‘TAR "The Teleshors, #1" artist 
print - $3.60, Mounting 
Ynstructions for Box concealment included. 
TAR "Ma Boll is A Cheap Mothes” Patch - $1.50. 
Send cash. check, or money order to: 
TAP 
Room 603 
147 West 42nd Street 
New York, N.Y. 10036
0490uTG-e97550 SuyumerBoug snssotog 
‘uyquog *y seTasug ‘ag -- 
TELI9E U3aon 8,97 ‘sBuzyz eeu, s0J 
pred Buyqqe8 wz 3843 Yous w syonq 
eats 38 ‘fon 4373040: oopU e Buz Tey 
pue sze#nq oT337TT eu3 BuyTtes uene 
sdeysed ‘owt, yo qunows TTwus £TeATs 
eTet 8 UT 8,qr Auswkuswhusw yno outs 
used nok pus eUOp BT XA0m 9UZ TIE 
aeou ulep ‘ueqeeu unok 408 ea,nok sou0 
saequewes 03 Buzyz exow eup -seeT 
wouqteAeU WABYD B OATT ALOK TT.9F 3NQ 
"4 UO SeATT azeyy Jo savok 2h Queds 
StaAgUZue JO weez B OxFT HOOT 3,Use0p 47 
esneoeg paBeanooeyp. ex,nof mou *y0%%9 
143% 6.9UUL 19FTBES 
pue ‘xoTees OF3SeTd 
amok seutyoew 3} Tees-n e604; Jo euo 
98 (3nTs @ yzta)Ang ;uozZeTdwoo wows 
doy euo sue nok ‘qr 943 03 uoTSsTIeud 
O{NTOSQE UITA TJ LITA 37 3843 O8 BuyumTag 
pues YI00q-030ud TeD0T unos Uy UeXEs pEy 
@a,nok 4643 eungozd anos BuynT2 ‘Aon 
juossed meu.8 
ewoveq pus‘(*euty yenf yoo, ssonzedsy 
Teuopzueauog *yBnoyy ‘Ho 6.9843 "30U ZT 
oud UITA auOP oue S,aI 3483T ys0u 
eneseq “ET ISN ‘OTzqDeTeS B03 sse008 
easy nok Jt) saqtumeddy Apuey anok ut 
VF WeeUT USUL "HOTE3 04g Op <TTENSA 
TTTA Jooseyy uoTyeuTquod 40 ‘uesus 
‘entq y *Suzy3 eToum e43 epeys ATuens 
pue AT3y8;1 Avena pus styoued pasojtoo 
Mey 8 Xe, *kdoo paxouex unok easy 
nok non *£33;U8 A{zyeJ HOOT 07 pueq 
IITA esoug-seded ofit{s seen 3043 au0 
ou ‘Zeyaos Tap pOow e uo-coqseu 043 
Adoo ktdwys nok *(sze3seu fu Jo euos so 
seydoo oxe soTduexe 96043)08 03 fpeca 
PUB 9NO PTET [Te SF ,,zOZewU,ANOs ZOqZTY 
YSKIBUORE COLLEGE 
*(Z1)ytegeeu, anos 
03.3} ent# pue gyno suo qn wo *(44) 
uso amok exeu uso nok 20u3;ga “puyH ewos 
30 Of0T @ SABY 03 4UBM COSTE TTTH NOx 
*(6)3¢08 ewos Jo ep0D B OxTT HOOT 47 
exe O32 SIequNU puB S1893eT JO JUSWzZO 
<888 WOpUBL B YITM JOZBT UT QF TITS yenh 
pues xoq 4UBTQ B SABOT 03 JUBA 4USTU 
OsTs nox *eej30Aep o4eed pus 4nd e exe 
nok seequn ‘sedfgseag 049 uaTA eUOD 
&rTensn sy BuzseqqeT ty “ar Auvdwoo e 
Buyop e,nok Jy 3847 OXTT Bupyzouos so 
*(Q)u8tS Gane, ZO ,YOTETATPYaATT 34UF 
=TINg z0y30 ewos dn exeW OFTe UBD NOX 
*(L)yeanqeuSzs anof pue‘(g)uzatq Jo e7Ep 
queqaoduy [Te unok!(S)3uSteM! 
(04) sese 
WF ZeWOS* (Hazes (€)4usTeYy*(z)eueu 
anos soy sooeds eany 8,GI 380K “ZoUIOZ 
Yereues ano yno esnByy 03 quem TTTH 
nok uous, *oF TT#M aangoTd anok exoym 
©q TITA SFU, (1) OPM YoU | pu UBTY 
SoyouT S*y-€°, &,98N9 xOq B OXBU ZeUUOS 
pusy 4Jet weMoT yo aeddn eyg ut ‘uous 
paged 4ypedo 8 Jo ezzs eu3 3noge 6.3843 
aoded anof uo eTfusqoed © exeu 48uTd 
*quyod Gieqs ‘uryy 8 yytH TFO 
sued yuep @ pus ‘aetns nayL-5 8 foszUH 
0398-x dusys ‘pooS # peeu oOf{e TITA nox 
“eqyoTdxe qI unok uz usgjo e4ynb peau 
TUfn nok yotus sua430T Trews suena Jo 
8401 U3TM Qee4s eoTU Kuen GB Sey HSLLAT 
UALLGE 8, Tiagy-9 
*sedhy jo yuewquosse optA 
4649}99T Uo-qns Sdkqeedd JO Sze0us 
Ausw ove paou TL¥a A0k yByM 108 om ez 
1etdoad 
qeoud asouz Jo (ey-sy)eTeue e493 UT UTof 
ugo GOz ‘Tok mou ttm é3UBts ‘8,GT URO 
feu eysw oy BXTOS 
uy 9uSyu e duew quads easy azeyz 3no 
nok jo fusw yeyz mou I jseutwes GI axed 
S,UTQuog *uq Joy swt, 6,37 ‘SeTpPTH ‘fex0 
sou. JO oMe s984s 
TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036 
“Between two evils, [ 
always pick the one Inever 
tried before.” = Mae West.