* Abbie Hoffman said that dur- 
ing 
his fugitive days he hatched a 
lax security 
at the 
An FBI-View of 
ern ge 
Computer Crime = =cekenks 
guardhouse, but 
felt the actual 
photographing 
would risk arrest. 
Is 
oa, 
A 
role in the investigation of computer crime. ‘The agent 
™ 
even though it's possible that these students knew what a 
a] 
computer was, the fibbie assumed that his audience was harn- 
less. His speech provided an insight into FBI activities in 
computer crime, and he described the different categories of 
“computer thievery. 
‘The FBI devotes one fourth of its energies to the area of 
white collar crime, which includes financial swindles, copy- 
right infringements (bootleg records & video tapes), bribery 
(xemenber ABSCAM?) and computer crime. Within the area of 
computer crime, banks are a favorite target. Willy Sutton, 
the infamous bank robber of the thirties and forties, ex- 
plained his preference for banks by saying, "That's where 
the money is." 
In 1981, $195 million was liberated from the 
banking system through fraud, while bank robbers were only 
able to withdraw $55 million. The average take in a com 
puter caper is $600,000, and there have been a couple of 
really big hits, including Stanley Rifkin's $10 million 
prize from the Security Pacific Bank in Los Angeles. In 
desperation the banks have turned to the FBI. 
When the FBI is called in to investigate computer fraud, 
it first tries to determine the complexity of the crime, 
which then gives them clues about who.the crooks might be. 
‘The agency has classified computer crime in six categories, 
in order of increasing difficulty. The first two ways to 
screw a system are to aither alter the data going into, or 
coming out of the computer, or to interfere with machine op- 
erations, like swapping disk packs or dropping power to the 
computer. These two methods account for 58t of known com 
puter fraud, and can be done by any data-entry clerk or com 
puter operator. ‘The next two methods are more challenging, 
and involve hacking computer programs and modifying data 
stored in secondary memory (disks). These tricks can be 
done by any apllications programmer, and account for about 
35% of known computer fraud. ‘The last two hacks are the 
most elegant: 
penetration of operating systems and compro- 
mising telecommunications systems. ‘These can only be accom 
plished by sophisticated systems programmers and analysts, 
and account, for only 7% of known computer fraud. 
‘the fibbie explained a few techniques which are popular 
among computer crooks. The first technique is wiretapping, 
either directly or inductively. By monitoring a data line 
with a printing terminal, you can watch transactions travel 
down the phone line. Then after you see a couple passwords 
sail by, you log into the computer and peruse the database 
at your leisure. Another technique is what the FBI calls 
“between the lines" entry into a timesharing system. Sup- 
posedly there is a way to sieze a computer port when a user 
is logging out, giving you access to the computer with that 
user's privileges (perhaps the FBI dude was confused, and 
instead had in mind the login simulator technique described 
in TAP issue #71). Once in the system, you could install 
“trap doors" in various programs to provide new system (mis) 
features. And there is the piggy-back technique in which a 
microprocessor-controlled device is spliced in the dataline. 
‘The device intercepts all traffic on the line, analyzes it, 
performs any necessary changes, and then sends the data on 
its way. 
How long does it take for the FBI to catch the computer 
crook? Well, first of all the FBI isn't sure if the crime 
will even be detected. Unlike a robbery or break in, there 
is no physical evidence of the crime. Some security systems 
keep audit records, but even these 
“eléctronic" witnesses 
can be erased by the clever hack. A bank may not even no- 
tice the money is missing for several months, and then may 
be too embarrassed to report the crime. Also, the FBI is 
unprepared to investigate complex computer crimes, and must 
hire outside consultants to help them find the culprits. 
In spite of the FBI's efforts, computer systems will re~ 
main vulnerable until banks and corporations cough up the 
hundreds of thousands of dollars needed to protect their 
systems. Congress is dragging its heels on passing a com 
puter crime bill, which leaves the FBI powerless to prose- 
cute those crimes that aren't covered by the old-fashiond 
fraud by wire" statute. Computer hackers have been given 
a short reprieve before 1984 and Big Brother arrives, so 
wise hackers would do well to get their act organized. Then 
after you accumulate some not-so-hard earned cash, go into 
the consulting business and sell your services to those poor 
victimized banks, corporations, and the FBT 
“STAs SEPTEMBER 1982 
No.77 
LATE BREAKING RUMOR: 
The FBI is reported to have put pen-registers on the 
phone lines of Washington D.C. area turists using the MIT-AT 
machine via the Arpanet. Although this report comes from an 
FBI agent in the Washington area, there is good reason to 
believe that pen-registers have been installed on phone 
lines in other parts of the country, too. Parancid hackers 
should remember that pen-registers print a line feed every 
time the phone is taken off the hook, so you should minimize 
switchhook jiggling in order to conserve paper. 
JUST ANOTRER BREAK IN THE 
WALL 
by Oz. Y. Mandias 
"Comfortably Munb" N-Ethylamphetamine and A-Methyl fentanyl, 
mentioned in my last colwm, are nav Schedule I (the former 
ae of Jan/'82). Analogue enthusiasts are advised to move on 
to other variations. See "-Ethylamphet. = Evaluation & 
Control Recommendations" by the DEA (availble by Freedom of 
Information request) for further information. 
Also, chemists should always check for radio "beepers" 
in their chemical purchases especially in the packing mater- 
tal or boxes and hidden in solvent cans/druns. 
Freebase: Methylene cholride is much easier to obtain, 
is non-flarmable and works just as well as ether. 
(See Dr. 
Atomic's previous colwms.) A simple home production method 
for frecbase is as follows: Take a large (2 gran) vial, 
fill 3/4 full with vater, add some coke and dissolbe by heat 
ing in a boiling water bath. Add some baking soda to the 
coke/uater solution and return to the boiling water bath 
for another minute or so. Remove the vial from 
the boiling 
wather with tongs, and cool under cold running vather while 
shaking constantly to form the rock of freebase. The rock 
filtered by placing it on a common paper napkin. 
Remember, avoid all needle drugs. 
‘The only doy 
shooting is Alexander Haig. 
“worth 
"We Shall Overkill" If your state has restrictive handgun 
Laue, you can often pick up your favorite roscoe vithout 
showing identification, and avoid the waiting period and 
other B.S. by attending your Local gun show. Many dealers 
at these shows will sell you a piece for cash ‘on the barrel, 
no questions asked. 
A good talking cash bearer can usually 
get (at least in California) the unregistered hardvare of 
choice on the spot. 
A good throwaay is the Raven. Priced 
under $75, it is a .25 auto and the most popular Saturday 
Wight Special (Second Amendment Special, if you will) on the 
market. It's no Colt Python, but killa just as effectively - 
almost as well as U.S. Foreign Policy. 
‘The KIW is one brand of green tefton-coated "super 
bullet" that will pierce kevlar veste and engine blocks 
quite neatly. Moves are being made to ban these armour- 
piercing uonders, 80 stock up while you can. Anyone with a 
cool source should drop me a line. 
, 
‘The Ruger 10/20 ie a 10-ehot .22 eemi-auto carbine and aw 
excellent buy at about $100. Fit it with a scope and silencer 
and load with explosive or poieen-tipped bullets for sniping 
or other "twepe" (term w/ext. prej.). Or for close-up action 
and crowd work, take out the disconnector pin' (see the diagran 
that cones with the rifle) for full auto, fit with a folding 
atock and 2 25-round Condor banana elip mage stuck together 
for 50 round capacity, (eee your local gun shop or mail order 
ads for these aceessorice) and you've got a cheap, simple SNG 
that's quite effective for any "wet vork" you may have in mind 
"Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope atali 
Together we stand, Divided we fall..." 
This is resident false prophet, Oz, signing off once more
IBM TIME SHARING OPTION (TSO) - PART IZ 
- Mick Haflinger 
I hope that everyone has experimented with the 
commands we learned last time because this month 
we are going to talk about SUBMITting jobs and 
running programs in the foreground (ie, inside 
the TSO region). Foreground jobs are helpful 
because snoopy operators will see 
very little of 
what goes on during your TSO 
session. 
Important: note- anytime you want to stop what 
you are doing hit the ATTENTION key. If your 
computer does'nt have one try the BREAK key. 
This should get the message COMMAND INTERRUPTED 
and *** which means hit the enter key to.return 
to nozmal. 
Now let's refer to your notes. Did you find 
some datasets to play with? When you type in 
"LISTD datasetname” it should reply like this: 
"datasetname” 
~~ RBCFM--LRECL-BLKSIZE-DSORG 
FB 
80 
4240 
PO 
--VOLUNES~- 
200000" 
RECFN is recording format, FB is fixed block. 
LRECL is logical record length while BLKSIZE is 
block size..DSORG is the dataset organization, 
PO being partitioned organization or a “library” 
dataset that contains multiple members. Keep 
trying until you find some good PO datasets. 
Now see what is in the dataset by keying 
"LISTD dataset M" to get a member list. You can 
seleot a single member for edit by keying "EDIT 
datasetname(member)". You may need to also 
specify dataset type - ASM, DATA, or CNTL. It is 
a nuisance but sometimes you must say NONUM for 
unmumbered datasets. Remember if you get in 
trouble, type in HELP. Some more notes on EDIT 
are 1) if you hit the enter key tuice you go 
into INSERT mode, just don't key anything and 
hit the enter key to go back into EDIT 
mode 2) 
to end an EDIT session without saving any 
changes type EXD NOSAVE 3) if you try to SAVE or 
END you might be prompted for a password, just 
hit enter a few times and get back to where you 
can say END NOSAVE. 
I£ you have been lucky enough to get into a 
system with SPF or ISPF the job of snooping and 
changing can be much easier. To find out if your 
system has this use the "LISTA ST" command. A 
sample output follows: 
Is 
=-ponane---prsP. 
Samo, 
datasetnane 
D 
%, 
ddnane 
disp 
x 
ny 
s¥s1.UADS 
= 
E4 
SYSUADS KEEP 
ISP. TEST. ISPPLIB 
ISPPLIB 
WTA 
The important item here is DDNAME which is your 
clue to what your terminal can get away with. 
The ddname ISPPLIB indicates that your terminal 
is able to use SPF. Key in SPF and find out! If 
SYSUADS is present then you can use the OPERATOR 
command. Don't try it now. 
Use the KELP 
OPERATOR command first to find out how to use 
it. The OPER. command is very powerful and can be 
used to set up new accounts, change passwords, 
change priorities, cancel users, etc. 
What we are going to do now is find out what 
datasets the host system has online. This is 
done with a LISTCAT command and it is preferable 
to do this in "batch" rather than "foreground". 
t£ you found a PO library dataset earlier you 
can look at its member list for interesting 
material. Since all batch jobs must have a 
jobeard, find a library that has a name ending 
in CNTL or ASM. These usually contain JcL (JOB 
CONTROL LANGUAGE) statements for running 
programs. Normally the programmer has these set 
up to run with valid jobcards and such. If you 
have SPF then scanning the libraries will be 
easy, follow the menu and don't save anything. 
However most of you will only be able to use 
standard TSO so pay attention and have fun. 
First find a valid member and write down the 
jebeard which will look like //XXXXXXXX JOB 
(99999,xxxx,xxx) depending on the system. 
The 
first 8 X's are the jobname and you may want to 
use his jobname to sinimize the chances of 
axousing the sleeping operator. The stuff inside 
the parenthesis is the job accounting data 
so 
don't try to improve on it. 
Now let's create a 
member for ourselves. I 
will assume that you are using standard TSO. 
Enter “EDIT dsname(member)". Hopefully the 
dsname is one that you found allocatéd to your 
logon. Remember that dsnames might have to have 
apostophes around them and pick a member 
ni 
that is not being used. This is what your screen 
should look like. 
"EDIT TEST(NICK) asm” 
(you key this in) 
DATA SET OR MEMBER NOT FOUND, ASSUMED TO BE NEW 
INPUT 
000010_ 
(start keying following code here) 
//jobname JOB (put the jobcard here) 
7/STEPO1 
EXEC PGM=IDCAMS. 
//STEPCAT DD DSN=SY¥S1.VSMASTER, DISP=SHR 
//SYSPRINT DD SYSOUT=* 
7/SYSIN 
DD * 
LISTCAT CATALOG(SYS1.VSMASTER) 
” 
Your catalog name may be different, see previous 
comments on LISTD and LISTC commands. 
O£ course if you find a member that you can use 
just CHANGE it as needed and then SUBMIT the 
job and then EXD NOSAVE. Before doing this use 
the HELP command to learn about the preceding 
CHANGE and SUBMIT commands. Also you must use 
the OUTPUT command to see the printout of any 
job you run. Make sure that the job says in 
the jobcard, "MSGCLASS=U" and all dd cards 
say "SYSOUT=*" or the operator will get your 
printout. 
Next time we will have a lesson in basic Ian 
utilities and what they can do for you. This 
is just kinda off-the-cuff, so urite me and 
let me know what you need to know. I WANT 
SOME FEEDBACK. Send it c7o TAP. Maybe I can 
set something up on one of the computer 
networks. 
DOCTOR ATOMIC'S UNDERGROUND DRUG NEWS 
LIFE EXTENSION: Deanol. (Syn Deaner. Chemical 
name--dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE)). Active and 
water soluble in its bitartrate and hemisuccinate 
forms. Reported to be a safe, natural stimulant 
that elevates mood, increases intelligence, and in- 
creases lifespan. (See Secrets of Life Extension 
by John Mann, p. 40, And/or Press 1980, available 
from Loompanics.) Deanol is available without pre- 
scription from chemical supply houses and is inex- 
pensive. Life extension dosage is 100-150 mg per 
day; therapeutic dosage is 300-400 mg a day, and 
CNS activity is strong enough to require a warning 
to take it in the morning to avoid insomnia. In 
addition to promoting life extension, Deanol may 
also get you high. As a scientific courtesy, would 
someone who has taken a therapeutic dose let us 
know if it is any good? 
UP: 
Fencamfamine. Chemical name N-ethyl-3-phenyl- 
norboranamine hydrochloride. This is a stimulant 
and anti-depressant. It's available from chemical 
supply houses OTC since it is not a controlled sub- 
stance. Fencamfamine produces an effect somewhere 
between cocaine and methamphetamine, but it is not 
as powerful as either; however, it is euphoric. 
If 
England it's a prescription drug called "Reactavan", 
and is sold in 10 mg pills. A larger dose, 30 to 
100 mg, may be needed to produce euphoric stimula. 
tion. Sniffing fencamfamine is harsh on the nose 
like methamphetamine, so it's best taken orally. 
Some people take it dissolved in coffee. The price 
is affordable: $30 to $70 for 50 grams from chemi- 
cal supply houses. 
BOOK: 
The MERCK INDEX is a chemical reference book 
‘that will become as indispensible and as used as 
your dictionary. The "Merck" 
is more comprehensive 
in many ways than the Physician's Desk Reference 
(PDR) because it gives data for many household and 
food chemicals as well as for drugs. Available 
from the Merck Co., P.O, Box 2000, Rahway, NJ 07065. 
Price is about $25.00. 
HIGH VOLTAGE: 
A high tech pot garden was busted in 
Novato, CA =- the police claim that their attention 
was drawn to the warehouse mainly because of a sud- 
denly high consumption of electricity needed for 
halide lights. (See High-Times, May '81, p. 20 for 
details.) Electric heating mantles also drain a 
lot of power and may, therefore, also draw the at- 
tention of the DEA. 
See the TAP Index "Free Elec- 
tricity" for electric meter jumping instructions, 
Don't advertise your lab or indoor farm with a high 
electric bill.
MORE ON COMPUTER SECURITY 
by Simon Jester 
In issue #75 I talked about a new way to 
break into large computers that has the experts 
shitting in their pants. Well, I found out how to 
do it about a week after I mailed in that article, 
so here it is. This will work on almost all main- 
frame (maxi) systems, and most mini systems too, 
but it won't work ona micro. The scam lets one 
person on one terminal take control of another 
person operating on another terminal, so naturally 
it won't work on a micro. 
The system you are using must have a function 
that lets you send messages from one terminal to 
another. This is sometimes called interterminal 
mail service. It must also have intelligent 
terminals hooked up, or at least the terminal that 
you take over must be intelligent. The soam takes 
advantage of two features in the intelligent 
inal, first the ability to send data in “block 
+ This is where you enter data into the 
terminal and it stays on screen, in the terminals 
memory, without being transmitted to the host 
computer. You can then edit it, and when you are 
ready to send it, press a "send" key. The entire 
block of data will then be transmitted. The second 
feature you take advantage of is called "soft keys". 
20 control the editing of the block of data, there 
are special keys, which generate control characters 
when pressed. These are interpretted appropriatly 
by the terminal. The terminal can't tell if the 
control characters come from the keyboard or from 
the computer. So, the-rest is obvious. You log on, 
and send some guys terminal a message putting it 
into block mode. Then you send the appropriate 
commands to put 620 million into your account. These 
are stored in the block of data to be later 
transmitted, since you are in block mode and the 
terminal can't tell it's keytoard from the host 
computer. Then you send the transmit signal. ‘he 
terminal transmits the order for the extra 20 mil, 
and the computer, being stupid as a post, does 
what it has been ordered to by the terminal. 
This lets you take control of another users 
workspace, and you can manipulate his data sets, 
copy out protected information, or generally get 
access to things that you aren't supposed to be 
able to get into. Now some of you are going to say 
“thats obvious, why waste TAP space with it?" But 
the point is, this scam isn't obvious. I knew atout 
all the things that you need to do it for a long 
tine, but I never thought of this until I heard 
about it. And the beauty of it is, it's so simple 
that there are almost no ways to protect against 
i. 
There are several suggested ways of protecting 
against this scam, One is to disable the intelligent 
terminals. If you do this, you lose all the features 
of the intelligent terminal, so this isn't very 
practical, Another suggestion was to disable the 
interterminal mail service. This is also kind of 
a@ stupid idea since you lose the entire nail service 
capability. There was one practical suggestion 
by the security experts. Put a software filter in 
the computer that doesn't allow control characters 
to he sent from one terminal to another. This will 
keep you from taking control of the other terminal 
at all. I have a suggestion to get around thi 
The set of ASCII characters range fror. 0 to 127. 
“ost filters 
will take out the control characters 
in that range. Dut there is also a duplicate set 
of ASCII characters from 128 to 255, with 128 
corresponding to 0 and 255 corresponding to 127. 
These characters are identical to the first set, 
tut they are called the high order characters 
because they have their highest priority tit set. 
They will do the same thing as the first set. but 
you can't generate them from your keytoard, you 
have to write a program and use the CHK} function 
or its equivilent to generate a character from the 
high order set. Another suggestion is to try to find 
a different sail utility, one that might not have 
the filter. There are usually several. Gne usually 
lets two users talk directly. Another lets you 
leave messages for another user, who will look at 
then later. “hen he logs in, it may print out his 
ressazes, or inform hir that he has a few. when he 
reads them, 
he gets blown off, The advantage of this 
is that you don't have to te logged on when he gets 
Blown off his terminal, everything is prerecorded. 
4 few more hints. There is usually a function 
to lock the keytoard on a terminal, you may want 
to use this to keep the guy fror trying to inter- 
fere ac his account is getting fucked over. There 
vay even be an option to supress printing on his 
screen, If there is, you may te atle to do the whole 
scam quickly, then return control to him by unlock- 
ing his keyboard, and he might not even notice 
that anything happenned for a while. Another hint 
towards this end is, if you are doing thg whole 
scam while you are on-line, to write a program 
which will do the whole thing. Then you just start 
it up, and sit back. The whole thing should be done 
in less than a second. If you can keep anything from 
showing on his screen, or clear his screen after- 
wards, he may not know anything happenned. Of course, 
you may want to set up a batch job or use the 
delayed message so you can say you weren't even 
logged on when the breakin happenned. 
There is a report from SRI (Stanford Reasearch 
Institute), which I have sent to Tom. I'm sure he 
will send you a copy, but it isn't too goo 
(Thanks for the report,Donn, -Simon) There is also 
info on this scam in one of the January issues of 
InfoWorld (it comes out weekly), I don't know 
which issue, and in either the January or February 
issue of Science magazine. If you can get either, 
please send it to me c/o TAP. Keep on Phreakin* 
and don't get caught! 
-Simon 
More Confusion About AUTOVO! 
is, 
Fred Steinbeck 
After following the controversy about AUTOVON 
throughout the history of TAP, I thought I'd try a 
couple of military friends of mine and see what I 
could see. 
After a little bit of digging, I came up with a 
Navy guy, who I shall call Jeff, for sake of 
argument. 
Jeff told me what little he knew about AUTOVON, and 
much of it came as a surprise. First, he does not 
have a touch-tone phone on his desk; it's a rotary 
dial type (not only that, but he says he has never 
seen a touch-tone AUTOVON phone!). Second, I asked 
about the FOFIP signals (Flash Override, etc.) and 
he came back with a very surprising answer: AUTOVON 
no longer uses the FO signal, and it has changed 
the names of a few others. The new signals are: 
FLASH: This signal seems to take the 
place of Flash Override. The official 
definition of this signal states that it 
is only to be used when there is a 
situation which is “immediately 
detrimental to the security of the United 
States." 
IMMEDIATE: Immediate calls are the next 
lowest priority - they are calls whose 
information must get through in two hours 
or less. 
PRIORITY: These calls carry information 
which must be put through in six hours or 
less. 
ROUTINE: These calls are the normal type 
of calls which are made by AUTOVON users. 
That is, they are just calls which don't 
have too much to do with national 
security, etc. 
According to. Jeff, when he wants to make a call to 
another place on his base, he simply dials the four 
digit number. If he wants to use the Bell outside 
lines (tovcall home, for example), he dials ‘9! 
first, and then the number. 
Now, for AUTOVON calls, he dials '8' first, and 
then the 7 digit AUTOVON number. Note that this 
only allows him to make ROUTINE ‘calls - no Flash or 
other kinds of calls. 
Assuming he were to want to make a call with a 
Priority above Routine, he dials '0' for operator 
and says, "Operator, Immediate priority call to 
So-and-such, please." Now remember, AUTOVON numbers 
are seven digits. He says the operator then dials 
(with touch-tone, not rotary) two digits, and then 
what he thinks are his seven digits. So, assuming 
the operator were to have to dial '8' to access 
AUTOVON, then next digit should be the extra one - 
the one which tells what priority the call is! 
I don't know how much of this is applicable to all 
AUTOVON systems - Jeff has only had experience with 
his phone, and I don't know how much he really 
knows, and how much is speculation on his part. 
If you have any comments or questions, send them to 
me, Fred Steinbeck, c/o TAP, or better yet. write 
an article!
OK, BUDDY, LETS SEZ YOUR REGISTRATION 
By Cheshire Catalyst 
As the Bull System begins its reorganization, 
we Phone Phreaks also have to start getting our 
act together as well. One thing that has come 
about in the wake of the new de-regulation of The 
Phone Company is the FCC Registration program. — 
Under 
this 
program, 
the 
FCC 
registers 
equipment that will be connected to the telephone 
line. This is so that TPC will be aware of what 
equipment may be connected to its circuits in case 
the big bad customer owned equipment blows up, and 
causes damage to nice, sweet telephone network. 
If you are like most of us here at TAP, our 
equipment is Genuine Bell (as the new ads say), 
but comes to us via the Manhattan Pothole Company. 
The Manhattan Pothole Company is the outfit that 
digs the potholes in the streets around New York. 
The Phone Company then drives its trucks over the 
potholes, and equipment then, 
"Falls off the 
truck," as we say in the trade. Accordingly, it 
may be inconvienient to give TPC a registration 
number from the bottom of one of their phones. 
Therefore, It's time to begin the TAP Registration 
Program. We will publish the registration numbers 
of non-Bell equipment as a service to our readers. 
Please turn over any device you see connected to a 
phone line, write down what it is, what it does, 
and the FCC registration number, 
and ringer 
equivilance number. We'll publish them in future 
issues of TAP. Here's the first batch: 
ITT Slimline (Touch-Tone) 
FCC Reg # AS293P-70038-TE-T 
Ringer Equivilance 1.0A 
usoc # RJ11-C 
Tel-A-Tone Ringer (Auxiliary Ringer) 
FCC Reg # AZ3899-62695-OT-N 
Ringer Equivilance 0.4B 
Stromberg 2500 Desk Phone (Touch Tone) 
FCC Reg # AS293P-70088-TE-T 
Ringer Equivilance 1.0A 
Crest Two Line Electfonic Phone Model # E2-2500T 
This goodie handles two phone lines. 
FCC Reg # BL-685L-69731-TX-N USOC # RJ41-C 
Northern Telecom Rendevous (Touch Tone) 
FCC Reg # AB6982-68817-TE-T 
Ringer Equivilance 0.7A 
Inmates build helicopter 
CARSON CITY, Nev. — A plumber, a welder and an electrician 
locked in a maximum-security prison almost managed to build a 
helicopter because the staff “didn’t see the significance” of parts 
scattered around the prison shop, an official says. 
The inmates were short only the big rotor blade when their one-seat 
creation was found yesterday at the Nevada State Prison, officials 
said. 
“We do have people in here who are journeymen, 
who are skilled 
craftsmen in their trades,” said Vernon Housewright, the state 
prisons director. 
77 
“ts time to get back 10 the rea! business of 
‘government . . . getting reelected” 
Fussbuster 
‘Tred of those half-assed cops always reporting 
you on their little radios? 
Well this ultre-cimple 
efrout vill Jam all communications using YM such 
YM radio, TV, 2 meters and of course eop radio 
Ite output 
ranges from about 50 to 900 Mis, The oireut 
needs from 9 to 16 volts and draws about 5 
Te 
transistor can be any HPN general purpose 
such as the 
283904 or 284124, The eoil oan be made by winding 9 
turns of 18 or 20 AWG wire around 8 $" DIA paper 
tube, This eireut can also be used as @ mio by putting 
bon mierophone ( such’as @ telephone mouthpiece ) 
in series 
with the battery. 
‘The Stainless Steal Rat 
Ante 
to pen ao bills. 
cul 
one 
; 
cut out this chart. 
(nack Tssues are $.75 each. Issue #50 is $1.59. 
| Subscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk Rate $7. 
US Bulk Envelope Rate $8. 
| US First Class in plain sealed envelope $10. 
Canada & Mexico First Class $10. 
| Foreign Surface $9. - Foreign Air Mail $12. 
IMPORTANT! Please include your mailing label or a 
| Kerox copy whenever you write to TAP about your 
subscription. 
VElectronic Courses - $.75 each. A - DC Basics, 
1,~ 
AC Basics, C - phone Basics, D - Amplifiers. 
TAP "Ma Bell" Patch - $1.50. 
| TAP "10th Anniversary" Pen - $.50. 
TAB Cassette 
Tepe - 
S450. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell, 
\Joe Engressia & Bell Security Chief John Doherty. 
TAP Fact Sheet #1 - §.50. Credit card call hints. 
TAP Fact Sheet #2 - $.50. Free BELL phone calls. 
TAP Fact Sheet #3 - $.50. Free GTE phone calls. 
TAP Fact Sheet #4 - $.50. Dual Tone Oscillator, 
Displayed Red Box, & 2600 Whistle Perfector plans. 
ySend CASH, check, or money order to = 
| ZAP. Room 603 
= 10036. 
147 West 42nd Street, New York, 
' 
a 
TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036 
Bue Rate 
Us. Postace 
PAID 
Perit No.3 
ewsey, td