JIM PHELPS ISSUE 
Ave 
Atque Vale 
For those of us who eren't latin scholars, that means 
“Hail and Farewell!" I co-edited TAP for 1$ years, and in 
that time we got it into pretty good ehape, tho the mmber of 
of volunteers has been disappointing. We've learned e lot, 
met a few great people, same good people, a lot of mediocre 
ones, and a number of yo-yos. 
I could have gone into editing TAP full-time. But it 
would have meant staying in or near Fun City and the (rotten) 
Big Apple has become, ‘in Heinlein's words,"an Abandoned Area", 
Too mich effort is required to protect oneself against one's 
fellow lumans, So t'm in the land of Roger MacBride's 
‘Y 
Pioneers, where "40 Below keeps the riffraff out", Coineiden-. 
‘ally, Tt'a Birch country and I don't mean trees, If you want 
to really learn about conspiracies, ask a Bircher (but don't 
tell him you snoke or trip). 
One of the ways we've been advocating to Fight the 
System has been to reduce - eliminate? - your dependence on 
it. Produce your own food, power, shelter, clothing and grow 
your own entertainment. Here I can attempt that. 
We have from time to time recommended certain books, 
“One which has nothing to do with Fighting the System is called 
God Drives 
cer by RL Dione, Bantam Q7733, It 
‘ 
es some 
interesting theories about :THE SYSTEM, You 
may have some trouble finding it, I believesit will be worth 
syour effort. 
My apologies to those who have written me and ere still 
waiting for a reply, Be patient. I probably still have your 
letter and will try to reply eventually. Mail for me will be 
forwarded, I'11 continue to offer articles, etc, when time 
pernite, 
People often close with "Pax", I prefer "Si vis pacem, 
parabellun" (If you want peace, prepare for var) 
Excelsior! 
(Iligher ) 
Jin Phelps 
Update from England 
Where CAMA and LAMA exist on your exchange, the operator 
will know the number you're on, so you can forget methods like 
giving the # of a large bu 
ss (or your exchange) as your 
own mmber when making operator connected calls, or booking a 
call for a later time to a pay phone # from a domestic phone 
and being at the pay phone at the right time to receive it, 
If the operator has to ask your f, it probably means you haven't 
got CAMA or LAMA. On Velros (spelling?) that haven't, these 
fraud methods will work (e.g., here in UK), Sorry if anyone 
vas misled by my piece in #43, 
“NYC has voice-response validation for CC calls, The "card" 
I was using was that of a large corporation, The operator 
asked me the area code on the card and after what seemed like 
an age, the computer came back with "valid, valid, valid". 
Thies was after a month of using the same "card" in Detroit, 
Chieago, Montreal, Cleveland, etc, with no hassle. So either 
I was lucky and picked a number to which a card was issued or 
the machine doesn't connect to an actual data base of all 
cards issued, 
CB here is freaky. A friend who has a full wave serial has 
been talking to Italian and Portuguese Amateur DXers, From 
3:30 to 5:30 afternoons conditions are sometimes so good you 
can hear US truckers! That's 5000‘mileson 4 watts! Got any 
good plans for a linear? 100 watts should do. A pair of 5 
watters cost 1195 ($355), so if you come to UK, just bring 
some CBs. You can sell them easily at 300% profit. Mobiles 
‘are unobtainable - putting a battery in a transceiver or 
connecting up a mobile CB is illegal here. There is a network 
of CBs in London only, but mostly used ‘by criminals. 
Just watched the last episode of The Prisoner again ~ ten 
years old and hasn't dated a bit. ~~ 
Please tell your readers not to mies I, Claudius when it 
comes round to you. A trifle slow at first, 
1% builds up into 
. @ fantastic crescendo, The best thing ever to have been on 
telly, it's the story from Augustus to Nero and is so delic~ 
dously perverted it's wonderful. 
Unfortunately, the American 
version has been extensively cut. I was really sick and angry 
when I read what they'd done to 
it. 
Nothing America has ever 
done has angered me so much, Among other cute wes a vital lest 
scene where you see Caliguia's face, dripping blood, after he's 
eaten the fetus he's cut out of Drusilla, 
‘avo 
Bloody awful! PBS had the balle to show Valerie Perrine 
delightfully bare in Steambath, but I guess this was "really 
too much", It should also 
be on Canadian TV, which is rele- 
tively uncensored compared to gutless ABC, CBS, and NBC. 
JP 
TAP 
AUG 1978 
NO. 52 
In my personal correspondence with Mr. Phelps, he has 
accused me (and rightly sol) of being an ego-maniac because 
Inever mention him in TAP. Mr. Phelps has been physically 
absent from TAP for well over a year now but he lives on here 
in Libertarian spirit! I truly miss that Libertarian bastard 
and all the fun we had arguing over TAP policies. Ever frugal 
(cheap!), he would spend hours washing Elmer's Glue off 1¢ 
stamps. I would retaliate by sending out one issue of TAP 
ordered by a reader in the largest envelope we had! Those 
readers fortunate enough to have visited the TAP office during 
his reign know the fun, labor, and love that "Jim Phelps" put 
into the pages of TAP, It is with heart-felt thanks that I hereby 
dedicate this issue of TAP to our "Jim Phelps". Everything 
in this issue was either written, commented on, or typed by 
Mr. Phelps. The opinions expressed here are his and do not 
necessarily represent the opinions or views of TAP or its staff. 
All names heve been changed to protect the guilty! 
‘This intro should destruct after reading. Good luck "Jim". 
#47'g article on radar detectors was great! Who did 
you steal it from? However, there's a new police radar which 
operates only momentarily "as needed", What is needed ‘by us 
te combat it ie a radar jue - which will indicate that ~~ 
your car is going 55mph (or whatever speed you like) no 
matter how fast you are actually going. Sept. Car & Driver 
has a description of such a jamér, It is a 100i trans-— 
mitter broadcasting 10,525,001,727 Hz. Now will someone 
PLEASE come up with a debugged schematic end printed circuit 
board layout?! 
Running at sub-light speed (because I was towing a B 
Sedan Volvo racer) while everyone was passing me at Warp 2 
to Warp 4, I heard a "public service" announcement on the 
radio. A State Fuzz informed listeners that "The law is 55, 
regardless of traffic speed. Just because the stream of 
traffic is exceeding the limit, 1s not permission to speed," 
But EVERYONE (including the “authorities") agree that the 
speed at which 80% of traffic is moving should be the speed 
limit. Economy results from streamlining and efficient 
engine design, not arbitrary limits. C&D urges us to "Vote 
with your Foot", 
w 
Kitiridge aald radar detectors are so 
numerous that they are “totally dis- 
abling” the radar now in use. The now 
“KR-11" units purchased by the Patrol 
Pry 
microprocessor and are’ 
ipped with’“hold buttons” which 
éhut 
the signal when they aro depressed. 
‘Tho operator can cut off radar signals 
until he sees a.carho belisvesie violating: 
the speed limit, then release the hold 
New Radar Gun 
To Become The 
Motorist's Foe 
‘ST. PAUL, Minn —The police herehave 
just upped the ante in the 
: 
fang 
ution. In about i/100 second the speed ts 
motorists, 
Kilttridge declined to state how many 
Assistant Gtato Patrol chief. Gerald 
thounita the Patrol has ordered. but Rodis 
Rilteridge anid this weet that tho Patro! te 
‘say that several local sheriff and police 
purchasing a nsw antl-speodo 
— 
e 
new aa 
doe weapon 
departments are buying the KR-lis ax 
the radar detectors that have made.tho 
"ach ono will eos the taxpayere of St, 
Paul $2896, 
radar cop's Job almost impossible 
to 
partorm. 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1978 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups- 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
(1 \ WARNING : We will prosecute copyright violators.
FORD'S BESTER BEST IDEA 
Dear TAP, 
— 
Just a quick letter to say "Keep up the good work", 
I Just received a full set of your reprints, and really 
enjoyed the material. Will put it to good use. 
Included below are plans for a little device I used 
to play around with a few years back. It's the "Ford's 
Better Radio Jammer", Under 
good conditions it will fog 
Gut every (and that means all) radio receivers for about 
four blocks. The Jemer t6 snall, portable, hideable 
easy 
to build, and cheap. You can put it in treea, fix 
it 
$0 cars, or place it just about anywhere. Carry it to 
your next police rally and really mess up their communi- 
cations. 
. 
‘The diagram 
of the Model "I" Spark Coil ie drawn from 
memory, 60 @ few of the terminals may be misplaced ~ but 
the ciroult 4s correct. 
Buy 
a Model "I" Spark Coil at old car dealers, han 
faire, or 
J.C.Whitney. Wire the primary to a.heavy 6 volt 
vattery with a switch or timer. Wire the secondary wires 
each to a bent nafl stuck in an insulator, and placed 
close enough together 60 a spark will Jump all of the tim. 
Run another wire from one of the natle to en earth ground, 
and the other neil to as long a wire as possible (up to 
around 100 feet). 
Close the switch, and you're On The Air! 
Your Friend, 
6 PAK 
Redeeming Social Value: Throw a pi at Them 
If you've been enjoying Project UFO and accept the premise 
(as I do) that there are other (or maybe they're the ONLY) 
intelligent life forms in the galexy, and that 
e been 
visiting us, this jammer might be an ideal broadband trans- 
mitter to attract the attention of any UFO you may observe. 
Remember, they don't know Morse cade or “local” constants, 
so try communicating in the univereal languages of science 
end math, Broadcast pi (3.1415926...), e (2.71828, 
constant (.57721566...), square roots, etc. Good li 
oP 
Tom, Jim, or whoever - 
Got your last four issues promptly, thanks, WHAT A GREAT 
NEWSPAPER! Talk about Free Press! It is exactly what I have 
lived for, for years feeling alone in admiration of Guy Grand 
and Augustus Mandrell, installing phones ‘and phone taps, and 
defrauding whomever I,can, How wonderful to know there ere 
many of us around the country. 
Have you heard of some 
of the Harvard 
‘ 
' master= 
Pieces?; Such as: Stealing a tersiT te enum} “ewe 
equipment, 
going to a major road in 
Boston, 
se’ 
upa 
detour, digging a large hole, and then leaving. Anyone could 
do this, but then they called the police, told them the Lam- 
poon had stolen the equipment and dug the hole, They then 
found a legitimate city construction area, reported to the 
police that the Lampoon was at it-again, at that location, 
then went there, and told the construction workers that some 
people from the Lampoon had stolen a police car and some 
uniforms and might show up there to hasele the workers, And 
then stood back and watched. 
Or the time they restaged the Battle of Hastings on the 
Charles River and the police stopped them as they were bring- 
ing the war elephants off the boata! 
Keep Fighting - 
"The Survivor" is excellent and extremely informative. 
It's a Mother ‘Earth ‘News for pessimists, Volume I is $6 and 
@ subscription 
to Volume II is $8, from Atlan Formlaries, 
Box 586, ‘hureka, CA 95501. Atlan also publishes "The Poor 
Man'a Armorer" edited by Clyde Barrow. A year's subscription 
ie $8. 
I saw the first issue and it was full of "hard to find" 
info. 
3 
-precisely in this manner. 
In case you haven't yet learned, a choice DEA working 
frequency is 163.2375 nz. They also tork the standard 
aircraft channels, If you want to know a frequency, a good 
iéa ie to pick up a surplus URM-50 
or use a broad-band- 
coverage’ receiver and a good electronic counter, get in 
close proximity of the tranmitter site you wonder about, 
and if the counter will not pick up the station directly 
(with the aid of a quarter wave whip), use the URM-50 
or — 
receiver 
Pre-amplifier. You can read the 
y 
That's how 
I learned the FBI, 
DEA, and some of the others. I am in the comumications 
business and believe me, it was impossible to get the freqs 
any other way! 
Anyone can get frequencies of police stations in their 
particular areas (except for Fede) by calling thie number 
and giving name and address and area of interest: 800-428- 
2326, This is the Electra division of Masco, /1 hope 
this number is correct!7 They make the Bearcat brand scan- 
ning receivers (which I sell at discomt!) ‘Their new model 
210 covers every channel you can think of between 30 Mc and 
‘the top end of the UHF band. It will search 
cut unknom 
frequencies and display the located frequency, in nice little 
readouts, for you, If you have an idea the unknown station 
is between 154 and 157 Mc as an example, you can program 
it 
to scan that portion of the spectrum and hen the station . 
you're looking for comes on, Whammo! it locks on it and gives 
you the exact frequency. You can then program thie specific 
freq into the memory and let the search circuit continue 
searching for other stations! Smartest little piece of gear 
to come along in a long time! No station can hide from you 
when you got one of these babies. I Imow freqe 
of most gov't 
sgencies, including their alternates, and this baby surprised 
me right off by locating a UHF. channel the --- uses for their 
little shirt-pocket rigs that use the hidden wrist-vatch, or 
‘other, microphones, Had no idea they had a channel in this 
Particular region! These Model 210 rige are hard to find, 
Delivery is slow. Last one I got in had a factory defect. 
American way of doing things, ya mow...compared to imports! 
end I had to send it back to them. No exchange 
due to short=- 
age of sets. But at $369 it is quite a radio if anyone needs 
one that bad. No crystals to buy. It covers about 16,000 
channels. Works at home or in the car! 
. 
Rumors are that US Marshall Service has funds for new 
repeaters, mostly on VHF/UHF, Soon as I get freqe, will send 
them if you want them, Also sime for any ATF (Alcohol- 
Tobacco-Firearms) in this state. Maybe something different 
in other areas. 
I have large quantities of Don the Ripper's etuff if any- 
one wants to swap, or just.wants something, and will pay for 
copying (PO has sorry-assed machine at 15¢ a page). DB 
ripped me off with his come-hither lifetime subscription line, 
Never did get all of what was promised tro years ago, and 
never an update or answer to my letters or phone calls, but I 
do have a small box full of his shit and although most of it 
is obsolete or uses WW2 tubes, someone might want something. 
Here's one for you. Some kid fresh from California told 
me the guys out there put a spark plug in the botton of a 
coffee can (remember coffee?), ran one of their car spark 
plug wires to it and used it to zap police radar. "Sparky" 
end of plug is inside can, through hole in bottom. Open end 
of can faces forward, sorta like an antenna, I ‘spose. 
‘ 
Heard anything about this? 
Nickolai Testicle 
Since you wrote us, the list price of the Bearcat 210 
has dropped to $289, It looke every bit as impressive as 
you claim, 
Pe 
I an a freshman enrolled in Engineering at our local 
university. I am interested 
in power systems, mainly solar 
and wind. 
I am mad at ERDA for their efforts to produce 
large windplants for the power industry, We have 
a national 
grid to every home so any homeomer could produce his cw 
Power and sell it back to the national grid. There are 
expensive synchronous invertera on the market but the power 
companies will not let them be booked up, much less pay you 
for the power you might give them /“see Mother Earth Hews 
#40 interview? I-am looking 
for 
1) Specifications, etc. 
on small inverters 1-10 KW. and I have information to trade. 
an 
Since you wrote us, the guys on East llth Street have 
won a court decision allowing them to sell their surplus 
mindgenereted electrietty back to Con \onopoly,
Getting Inside NJ PSElO's Meter Box 
Readers aren't the only 
ones writing letters. Mr. Phelps 
- 
7 
has also written 
a rae 
first letter below appeared in 
We had an info request way back in Nos, 30-32 and just 
the Free Libertarian Newsletter and the second letter is a 
hen we'd about given up, a reader came thru! ‘Now I've finally 
reply from a U.S, Senator to a "gem" sent by our "Jim". 
FELLOW LIBERTARIANS: 
Enjoyed the article about: Teletronics 
and their harassment by Pacific Telephone 
and Telegraph. foct.-#ov. tasuo--8d.} Cali- 
fornia has a very strict law about publish- 
ing phone ripoff info. Rockorfcller (sur- 
prise!) vetoed a similar bill in New York. 
The demise of TEL leaves only TAP, the 
Publication of the Technological Assis: 
ance Program (formerly the Technological 
Anerican Party) to carry on the battle. 
“Introduction of the Electronic Switching 
. System and Common Channel Interoffice Sig- 
nalling will make obsolcte the Blue and 
Black Boxes, 
so we are diversifying into 
other areas. Recent articles have included; 
“Free Postage" (the stamp on this letter 
is coated with Elmer's Glue-All 
is re- 
eycleable; soak it in water, say the magic 
words "Lysander Spooner," zu ‘lightly, and 
the cancellation disappears); "Fighting 
the Biggest Monopoly of All" (by voting 
Libertarian, of course); "Give the Water 
- 
Company ® Blow Job" (alternate sources of 
energy); "Pon Pals Wanted" (Dostoeveki 
said something 
about the best people being 
in prisons, didn't he?); "The Ultimate Red 
Box* (for *pay" phohes); "Report on Bul- 
letproof Vests," 
"Parking Meter Locks," 
“Misuse of the Social Security Number,” 
and “Pay and Die?" (Death and Taxes arc 
not inevitable; Rene Baxter's tex refusal’ 
Plan). 
We are always very careful to saturate 
(sur articles with "redeeming social value.”, 
‘Por this reason, or possibly because Ger- 
ald Lefcourt has agreed to defend us on 
any charges of First Amendment violations, 
harassment has been minimal. Only "Pay or 
Die?” 
resulted in anything: a visit from 
the Gestapo. Two agent types parked out- 
Side our office in a conspicuously incon- 
spicuous dark 
sedan 
and stared steadily up 
&t our-window for,one afternoon, 
Unlike TEL's 
mailing list, ours will 
not be surrendered. It is programmed to 
self-destruct in case of attack. 
We're only @ few doors away. Drop in 
any Wednesday, from 4 to 7 p.m., 1201 
Broadway, Room 608, Meet Tom Edison, Al 
Bell, Mr. Phelps, Alexander Mundy, Simon 
Pure, Edward Extract, and the ever popular 
Name Withheld. 
34io Phelps 
Advisoblo Hissions Team 
WMnited States Senate 
(COMMITTEE OM APPROPRIATIONS, 
WamninaTon, D.C, 20510 
Dear Mr. Phelps, 
written Jt up. Thie bor is not too common, but, for what it's 
worth, here's some info 
on it. It my be useful for entering 
sinilar boxes. 
The seal ie ceramic and must be broken to remove the 
cover in the usual manner. But we're not interested 
in the 
usual manner, are we? There appear to be two waya to remove the 
the cover without breaking the seal. One of the knockouts in 
‘the bottom can be removed, a screwdriver inserted (keeping it 
against the front cover or you may Zap yourself) and pushed 
es in the illustration. Use a replacenent plug for the knock- 
out and pop the cover back on when you're finished studying 
the meter. That's why you opened it, ian't it? 
If you don't have access to the bottan because another 
‘box is in the way (or whatever), you 
can drill the cover with 
4.2" 
or so drill, Carefully! The latches 
are directly 
behind the drilling points and you don't want to damage them. 
When you're ready to replace the cover, fill the holes with 
Plastic Steel 
Mor equivalent, and repaint the cover, 
tow —4 
wP 
Fr 
© 
3/4" 
L_ 
“ 
2 sen _ 
FORTRESS ALARM 
Isaue #30 ie best received. Congratulations. PT&TCo now 
(1975) has fitted "sensitive" located paystations with an 
electronic "tamper device” which gives a silent alarm if eny 
attempt to ripoff is made. Apparently experimental at present. 
Learned of three prosecutions where the artist was caught in 
the act. First plead not guilty, sentenced to prison; second 
plead guilty, got local time ~ 6 mos. and probation; third 
(19 yrs old) got 3 mos, $300 fine and 3 years probation, At 
trial of first, during preliminary, the new device was des- 
eribed. It is ona card about 2" x 3" x 4" has a 16 lead IC 
and mercury switch and is line powered, Red and Green and 
Yellow leads pass thru it, plus three wires about a foot long. 
How and where they are connected are unknown, 
‘Agent 921 
Thank you for your letter of July 3? in 
which you asked "Did I hear you right? 
abolishing the whole Postal Department." 
Yes, I am “guilty” of saying that at a 
recent press conference. The reporters were 
pressing me hard for answers to all the Postal 
Service problems and I said I would be in favor 
of abolishing the whole system. Anything would 
be an improvenent! 
‘m for 
‘The M-11 might be called the per- 
fect essassination weapon. Tho 
U.S.-made hand machine gun fires 
bullets by gas propulsion without 
sound, fiash or smoke and can 
empty its 32 round clip in approxi- 
mately 1.7 seconds. it comes 
in two 
pieces, each nine inches long, and 
weighs about seven pounds. With it, 
‘one USS, arms dealer says "! could 
kil a hundred people in the next 
Thank you too for the enclosed article (TAP #39!) ‘om.and you'dnever hear it." 
‘on the Postal Service. I haven't had a chance to 
read it yet but I am taking it home with me tonight. 
With kind regards, 
Sincerely, 
MILTON R. YOUNG 
A dangerous trend is taking place 
in the world, Small, lightweight, 
easy-to-use arms fke the M-11 are 
falling into the hands of all sorts of 
people. Small arms and even heat- 
seeking guided missiles like the So- 
viet buill Sela launched by a man 
on the ground can knock a jetliner 
out of the sky at altitudes up to 
6,560 feel. in 1973, Italian police 
burst in on a group of terrorists in an 
‘apartment under the traffic pattern 
tour miles from Leonardo da Vinci 
Airport near Réme. They had these 
‘Streta rockets. 
Other weapons weighing less 
than 10 pounds can knock out a 
tank, speakers platform or automo- 
bile. The source of mast of these 
weapons is National Guard armaries 
in the United States. Other sources 
are arms dealers who operate out of 
“protected countries, tn the United 
States, one of the most popular 
weapons for terrarists is the AR-15. 
{tis the civilian version of the miitary 
M-16, itis manufactured by Colt and 
can be bought in the U.S. by almost 
‘anyone.
His - 
I've gotten back into-Amateur radio after being inactive 
for about eleven years, and it is amazing the progress that 
has been made in many things that should be of interest to 
phone phreaks, Although not chesp, remote control, of phones 
is quite easy and quite possible on Little used frequencies 
in the 450 Me bends (using split channels) and once the re- 
mote phone is dieled, full touch tone and blue box control 
would be possible. I discussed this with another phreak in 
San Frenciseo some time ago, about a group of phreake getting 
- together to share expenses on such a project. If such a unit 
was moved periodically, detection would be difficult. 
‘The thing that really interests me, though, is the very 
real possibility of learning the microwave operating freq- 
uencies, and the satellite operating frequencies, and building 
equipment to break right into the microwave long distance 
equipment. With the proper radio transiitter, connected to 
a BB, you would be able to seize a long distance microvave 
Line with a 2600 Hs tone, without going through the C.0, at 
all. Thies would make detection almost impossible. * ‘BUT ‘WE 
NEED THOSE FREQUENCIES. I'd be very glad to work on Such 
@ 
project with 
anyone 
who'd like to give it a try!!! 
Ever since the wife and I got busted we've played it 
super cool, but it doesn't mean that I've-given up by a long 
shot, Enough for now;. keep up the good work. Agent 948 
Dear TAP 
I wae Just rereading #39. I'll bet that if sameone wrote 
the John Birch Society a nice letter (300 Concord Ave, Bel~ 
mont, Mass) they'd be glad to help you "fight Commuriien" by 
sending you'some of their "stamps". 
Want en amusing book to read? Try the "Viking Process" 
by Norman Hartley. It couldn't happen? Knowing the things 
ATT has done, I wouldn't bet on that. 
I wonder - could the push button light switch from a 
refrigerator door be used for an off/on switch for an exten- 
sion phone? That way if someone else used the extension, . 
they couldn't forget to put the switch in the "off" position 
when done, 
See Page 122 of Jimmy Breslin's book ‘How “the ‘Good ‘Give 
Finally Won (the only funny Watergate book). 
Tt turns out 
Tht 
Tp O'Neill, the House Majority Leader, is an ex-phone 
phreak. 
‘Another book that's good for killing a couple’ 
of nights 
is Pipe 
Line by Milt Machlin (Pyramid). It's a novel but 
sone of Tt Ye based on fact. One thing the author brings up 
is the possibility that OPEC did what it did largely at the 
urging of America's oil companies! i.e, the companies ‘shose 
ofl wells are in America, By jacking up the price of Arab 
erude, their ofl suddenly became very competitive in price 
and, ofcourse, any they sold to the Japanese, etc. would 
bring in 6 times the profit it did before. 
Agent 038 
Verrrzy interesting! Whenever any of our readers can't 
locate a book mentioned in TAP, check ‘Books ‘in ‘Print or 
Paperback Books in Print, available in almost 
any Tibrary 
and in most large bookstores, 
a 
WANTED 
Alright, technophreaks. We're interested in some info 
on the following: 
Pay cable TV: liberate video! HBO etc. Whatdecoding . 
methods do they use? 
2600 Hz_muting of calls: sources claim that by using 
this tone you can ‘black box' calls. Is this true? Where? 
Microcomputers and fones: Recently saw an ad for IMSAI 
8048 CPU which showed 
a picture of a home experiementer 
hooking it up to (gasp) his fone! Lots of fun could be 
had here + call forwarders, finding WATS extenders 
codes, etc. Whatare you doing 
to spread the digital 
revolution? 
Bie and Black Box _detectors/defeaters: 
low’ 
re? 
Rumors abound - What's this about tones 
being used to detect black boxes? 
"Greasy Kid Stuff" Information Wanted 
That's what all you superadvanced electronics types will 
call my request for info on ae build-itemyself inverter. 
l2v De (auto) input and 110-115v AC 60Hz output, with 500- 
600 watt copacity. Wave form anything that'll operate AC- 
only stuff. Sure, I could buy one, but that's no fun, Any 
info on winding my oun transformer, inverter theory, and of 
course, 
a debugged schematic would be appreciated. liaybe 
I'll be able to come up with a way to use it illegally. 
Jin Phelps 
Back Issues are 80¢ each. 
‘Subseriationy - 10 issues - US Bulk rate $5. 
US First Clacs in plain sealed envelope $7. 
Canada & Mexico First Class $7. 
Foreign $8. 
Include malling label or Xerox copy 
‘when writing to TAP about your subscription, 
Elgctronics 
Courses - S0f each. A ~ DC Basico, 
B- AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers, 
TAP mugs - $4. 50. 
T-shirts 
- $4.50. Specify 
size and color : Small, 
Medium, Large, Extra Large. Black or red T-shirt 
with white TAP logo, 
TTAB "Ma Bolly & Cheap Mothar" T-shirts - $4.60. 
‘Bpocify size 
color: Medium, Large, Extra Largo. 
Blue, tan, or yellow. 
“STA 
Send ONLY chock or money order (W¥o Cash) to: 
418, 153 Wen} 42 Street, New York, N. X. 10036. 
mail drop only, 
a 
NOW HEAR THIS! 
‘That's right! Now hear the MF Boogie Blues along with the 
comments of Captain Crunch, Joe Engressia, Al Bell, and even 
John Doherty (AT&T Security Chief). This one hour cassette 
tape is a recording of an interview that they recently made. 
‘The cost of this outragious tape is 
$2.00 
501 
a 
ees ee rag’ 
we is $2.00 
plus 50¢ postage. 
Published for iriformational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to: 
52 
Bars and stripes 
‘COLUMBUS, 
Ga, (AP) — Georgia prison officials 
may bave autsmarted themselves a few years ogo when 
they decided Inmates should wear ue feans 
cotton, 
‘Now many prison visitors are wearing the same 
thing and it's causing 
ablem. 
Corrections Corumis 
stoner David Evans ain 
to me 
ireneies ove eis: 
‘says 100 
ling 
with visitors and walking out of she state prisons. 
a rnaics who espe 
even have to go to the 
“don't, 
trouble 
of finding 
other clothes,” said another carres- 
ee ag ote 
ey ad 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036