PICK YOUR WAY TO FAME & FORTUNE 
by 
Alexander Mundy 
Many of our readers have expressed an interest in making 
lock picks because they cannot purchase them from a local 
locksmith supplier. A work of caution must prevail because 
in some states possession of lock picks may be considered 
possession of burglar's tools and we wouldn't want any local 
authorities to consider TAP readers burglars now, would we? 
To make lock picks you need either high carbon spring steel 
or a steel (or is it "steal"?) called SAE 1074. It should be 
approximately 6/16" wide and .020 or .025 thick. In most 
cases the .020 is prefered. You will also need a set of files: 
warding, triangle, and coarse round. In addition you will also 
need some emery cloth, a small vice, a bench grinder or a 
dremel tool. To start, pick out a pick pattern from the ones 
shown or make your own following the ideas of picks shown. 
Cut out the pattern. Then polish a length of spring steel on 
one side and glue the pattern to the polished side. Grind the 
pick to 1/16 of an inch from the outline taking care to avoid 
burning the steel. Finish the pick by using the files or dremel 
tool until the same shape is obtained. The pick is finished by 
polishing it with emery cloth which is slightly wetted with oil. 
‘The pick handles can be made more comfortable by building 
up the handles with two strips of steel or by covering the 
handles with tape or neat shrink tubing. 
To make the tension wrenches (You will need them-this 
is NOT the movies!) you will need the following sizes of 
spring steel: 
Heavy wrench -: 
045 x .125 
Medium wrench - 
-030 x .125 
Light wrench 
+025 x .105 
To make the wrench the steel has to be bent ata right 
angle. (Don't we all?) In order to do this the steel must be 
heated until it is red hot and then bent. After the wrench is 
bent it has to be heat treated to regain its original strength. 
Instructions on heat treating can be found in metalworking 
text books, After heat treating the wrench can be finished 
off with an emery cloth. It is VERY important that you not 
only use a high quality steel but that you use a high quality 
steel of the correct hardness, If the steel is too soft the picks 
will bend and if the steel is too hard the picks will break. 
Now wouldn't you feel foolish if after all your work making 
your own lock picks you still couldn't get into Mommy's é& 
Daddy's strong box because you used inferior materials? 
For all you up and coming young thieves may I recommend 
THE COMPLETE HANDBOOK OF LOCKS & LOCKSMITHS 
available from TAB BOOKS, Blue Ridge-Summit, Pa, 17214 
$6. 95 plus postage. 
And on a final note let me report that several enterprising 
TAP readers have written in to report moderate success 
using their picks attached to an electric toothbrush. It seems 
that several electric toothbrush manufacturers have just the 
right vibration frequency for very effective lock picking! 
Can this be the return of the evil Mr. Tooth Decay? 
PICKING TOOLS 
IK 
K 
RAKE 
BALL 
| 
| 
DIAMOND 
HOOK 
All picks shown are reduced from actual size. ©) 
m—, 
A 
SPECIAL DOUBLE EDITION 
7th ANNIVERSARY ISSUE 
MAY-JUNE 1978 
NO. SO 
$1.00 
TENSION WRENCHES 
LIGHT TENSION 
MEDIUM TENSION 
exe 
5K" 
ayn 
ay" 
Dear TAP, 
‘Are safe deposit boxes really safe? Of course not 11111 
Have you ever wondered how certain persons are opening 
a large quantity of these boxés in a short period of time in 
certain hotels? Well, I'll tell you, First, most of these lock 
cases are made of die cast metal, therefore, it breaks quite 
easily. To gain "admission" obtain an automotive dent puller 
making sure that it's the heavy duty type. Next get some 
sheet metal screws that will fit the key hole of the lock and 
a large screwdriver or a small crow bar. To open the box 
screw the dent puller into the keyhole in this position: 
Screw in here 
Shell 
‘Trunion 
Give the puller a few shots and it should open the box com- 
pletely or far enough to stick a screwdriver or crow tar in 
to finish the job. 
Open Sesame, 
Alexander Mundy 
Qgouts Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1978 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators.
Electronics for the Dope Dealer 
Se 
—peerieeenir 
ory 
How to Beat The Man 
by Don Victor Harbolt 
If you're into dealing or smuggling, there are a number of 
precautions and countermeasures you can take that will defin- 
itely inerease your chances of survival. No longer do you 
have to be a paranoid personality in order to suspect that 
your telephone is tapped, that someone is following you, or 
‘that your best friend is wearing a bug when he comes to make 
his next buy. 
No matter what you read or hear, there is no perfectly 
reliable way that you can use to find out if your telephone 
‘s bugged. If you ask the telephone company to run a check 
and your local law enforcement agency is listening, the tele~ 
phone company will cheerfully report that there's not a bug 
anywhere on your line. Sophisticated equipment for deter- 
mining if you're bugged is very expensive and more often than 
not, it's subject to false reporting - or worse, non-reporting. 
So, it logically follows that if you can't make sure your 
line is clear, don't say anything 
on it that you wouldn't 
want Clarence Kelley to 
hear. 
"3 easy to call back your 
friends from a pay station when they want to talk about that 
last Kilo or the next one, To make perfectly sure that our 
boys in blue don't stumble onto you because they were moni~ 
toring his line, it's suggested that you tdth go to a tele- 
phone booth and discuss your dealing...and even then, it 
wouldn't be cool to keep going to the same booth. 
Occasionally, friends will ask me about voice scramblers 
for using with the phone. These instruments are expensive 
and aren't that secure. If you simply need time after your 
Phone conversation, these units will give it to you, but 
the Government has equipment that can decode these recorded 
conversations - whether it takes an hour or a week, The 
more sophisticated units use e technique where the code is 
changed every few moments, thus the unscrambling is made 
that much more difficult. Expect to pay $4 000 for ‘each of 
these units, though, One manufacturer of this equipment is 
Technical Materials Company. 
Another method of keeping your freedom is by utilizing 
the "pocket-pager" that's available froma lot of the en- 
swering services, Whenever one of your customers wants to 
play "Let's Make a Deal", he merely calls the telephone 
answering service and asks the operator to page you and 
have you call Fred at the office, without telling her the 
number he's calling from, She then picks off your page 
number and a pocket pager that you hide on your person 
beeps. You then depress the button and receive the message 
to call Fred. You previously made plans for "Fred" to be 
at a pre-determined mumber and you go to a pay station and 
give him a call, This has the advantage of not only never 
missing that important call from your best customer, but 
it also prevents your best customer from knowing what your 
home telephone number is and consequently, what your address 
is. There's no implication here that your customer might be 
dissatisfied with your product, but rather, that he got busted 
and has been playing a little "Let's Make a Deal" himself with 
The Man. If you really want to get slick, you can use a call 
diverter which simply is a device that dials you at another 
number whenever your usual line rings, and then automatically 
connects you with the calling party wherever you are, This 
system, when used with the Royaphone®, makes an extremely 
secure system, The Rovaphone™ is a device that transmits 
your calls over a radio frequency. So, you put the trans- 
mitter (which connects to your regular telephone line) in an 
apartment, and acrgss the street, where you really live, you 
have the Rovaphone™ itself, It looks like a regular telephone, 
but instead of having a cord coming out, it has an antenna, 
Your call is received in the "empty" apartment and is then 
transmitted to your phone in another nearly apartment. This 
way, when the nares come busting in after finding out what 
your address is through your telephone listing, they're 
confronted with an empty apartment ~ no stash or dealer any~ 
where to be found, 
In a lot of instances, it's wise to monitor the radio 
frequency of the Drug Enforcement Agency(DEA) or that of your 
local nares, Receivers are available at your local electronics 
store that do this very nicely, If the constant chatter and 
screech of cops talking on their radio makes you paranoid, then 
get one of the units which has a built-in cassette recorder 
which records these calls. Then you can sit down at the end 
of the day when your head's together and review what all tran- 
spired during the preceding twenty-four hours in about thirty 
minutes, Many electronics stores will be happy to supply you 
with crystals for your receiver that are on the appropriate 
frequencies. There is an exception, and that's the Federal 
Government frequencies, Very few people know what they are 
but you can find out by getting next to a two-way technician 
who services these units (a kilo will do nicely), The Federal 
Government uses only General Electric and Motorola two-way 
equipment and they're listed in the Yellow Pages under Radio 
Communications Service and Equipment,..so let your fingers do 
the walking. Most of thes frequencies (FBI, DEA, Border 
Patrol, etc.) are in the 168-170 mz portion of the spectrum, 
with the exception of some areas near the borders where they 
use a 450nHz repeater system. As of now, few (CIA & Secret 
Service) of the Federal agencies are using scramblers, If 
they should ever go to them, then try using a descrambler, 
A number of good models are made by PDQ Electronics in North 
Little Rock, Arkansas. Also, if you're a traveling man, there's 
a directory of police frequencies available from Commnicationa 
Company, P.0.Box 56, Commack, NY. It's best, however, to check 
with @ local electronics dealer to find out what channels the 
nares are on, 
Possibly you are wondering what you can do to immunize 
yourself from being bugged by your best customer when he comes 
to score. If he's wired for sound when you make your deal, 
you're in real trouble, Most of the units used ere portable 
transmitters which allow agents to listen in and to record 
this conversation in their car. They operate in the area of 
58 to 108 mz, with some Treasury bugs operating on the same 
frequency as their two-way radio, Once again, your neighbor- 
hood electronics dealer can supply you with a "field strength 
meter" which will rat on these rats when they walk in the door 
and get close to it. Spend a little extra and get a good one, 
It could save you a little time - like about ten years, But 
What about the guy who's wired for sound with a miniature tape 
recorder? The best protection here is to look your man over 
well and have some background misic playing while you discuss 
the pertinent parts of your transaction. Some of these re- 
corders are the size of a billfold, so use caution, However, 
on the small units playing and recording time is limited to 
about thirty minutes, 
In increasing numbers dealers have been using two-way redio 
equipment themselves in order to get their game dow tight, 
In one instance, it caused a bust. The dealer made his mis- 
take by using a mobile telephone and a housewife who was also 
@ radio amateur and had nothing better to do than eavesdrop on 
mobile calls, reported him to the Arizona narcs. Mobile tele~ 
phones are definitely no-no, They aren't private by any means, 
If you need good, dependable radio communications equipment, 
go to used FM commercial two-ways in the 30-50 mHz band, The 
chances of somebody overhearing you are small, Even then, it's 
good not to openly discuss the going prices and where The Man 
is. Use a simple code that you can work up in a few minutes, 
Anyone hearing "121 a code 3, section 2 at 4" would never guess 
that it means a highway patrol unit with a roadblock four miles 
shead. Citizens band units are a joke and should never be used. 
These commercial units, unlike citizen's band, are professional 
pieces of equipment like The Man uses himself. They can be 
bought cheap from used two-way dealers like Gregory Electronics, 
249 Route 46, Saddle Brook, NJ or on the West Coast, try Mann 
Communications in Tarzana and Phoenix, The price for a used 
General Electric progress line unit can be as low as $100, 
It wouldn't be a bad idea to take that "field strength meter" 
out to the car occasionally, Walk around your car and check the 
meter for movement while the ignition is on, Frequently, The 
Man will use a "bumper beeper" to tail you from a distance, 
This transmitter lets him, keep up on your location without his 
having to get close enough for you to realize he's following 
you. If you are bugged with one of these units, you might 
consider attaching it to the underside of some police cruiser 
after you've removed it, Incidentally, there are two types, 
one which obtains it's power from the vehicle's battery and 
the other uses a self-contained battery. The advantage of 
using your car's power is obvious ~ no more of those embarrass 
sing battery changes need take place, 
There are a lot of ways to decrease the likelihood of a 
bust by using electronics and only a few of them have been 
discussed here. Many of the methods are quite complicated 
and could even be employed to stop rip-off artists beating 
you for your stash, It's only limited ty your imagination, 
electronics, and what you Imow about the people who are out 
to stop you. Consider the smuggler who flies by the border 
radar (ADIZ) ae if they didn't exist. He uses a radar 
counter-measures unit designed for the US Air Force. Or the 
smiggler who checks the border fences using one of the "star~ 
scope" units the Army has been using in Viet Nem, These are 
‘the more esoteric ways of countering The Man and require the 
services of a trained electronics freak, If your operation 
is large enough, you should start looking for one of these 
men, because the larger your operation, the better the 
chances The Man is hip to it.
Last fall, a man in upstate New York 
‘was fed'up with seeing ghosts on his 
Git Iriend’s 
TV screen. So he connected 
her 
set to a neighbor's cable and 
‘wound up seeing bars for 45 days 
in 
the local jal 
‘In Southern California, the president 
tronics supply store, under 
pressure {rom the district attorney. 
agreed to stop selling devices that 
en- 
‘abled purchasers to tap into the local 
pay-TV channel. He also handed over 
{8 check for $1000 as penalty. 
‘A patrolman in a large Eastern city 
recovered some stolen Home 
Box Of- 
fice converters. He skimmed off a few 
for his fellow officers of the law. AS 
2 result, he was fred, two other officers 
were 
fined and the acting chiel of 
police is reported to have chosen early 
fetirement rather than face possible 
Criminal charges. 
But theft of service 
is stil a big 
problem for cable-TV 
operators. Al- 
ugh some still speak of it quardedly, 
fearing too much talk could produce @ 
rational epidemic—it is a fact of le 
that 
no cable company can ignore. 
‘At the start of this year, 
cable TV 
had nearly 10. million subscribers. 
‘About 415,000 of them were also pay- 
ceable subscribers. The number of 1 
concern, Eleven states already have 
uch laws; several others are. consid- 
fering legistation 
‘According to Leonard Cohen, co- 
‘ordinator of New York City’s Office of 
Tolecommunications, the number of 
“illegals” in Manhattan (the only one 
of 
the city’s five boroughs with cable TV) 
is somewhere between 30,000 and 40,- 
(000. Compared with 132,000. paying 
customers, i's not a pretty picture. 
‘At Manhattan Cable Television (one 
‘of the two companies serving the city), 
Thayer Bigelow, executive vice presi- 
dent, agrees with the 30,000 estimate, 
fand assumes that one-third to one-half 
fof that 
number is in his franchise area 
He translates the piracy problem into 
dollars and conts. “At the current feo 
of $10 a month, 
if wee missing 
40,000 customers, wo're losing $1.2 
million a year. And the city and state, 
Wwhion get 5 pet cent and 2 per cent of 
Our revenues. respectively. are, losing 
‘$60,000. and. $24,000 annually 
Piracy on the High Poles 
Joseph Taylor, president of Tele- 
rompler Manhattan, 
calls 
""communi- 
Cations shoplifting @ persistent. prob: 
Tem; one that we intend to stop.” 
His 
‘company is the first to use the state's 
ew thelt-of-services law, 
under which 
Violators are subject to a maximum 
penalty of one year imprisonment and 
{8 $1000 fine. (In pressing for this leg 
tion, the New York State Cable 
Television Association estimated that 
there were 100,000 persons in the 
state pirating basic cable or pay-cable 
services) “We now have a 30-man 
crew policing our system daily, and we 
expect 
to prosecule every case we 
uncover.” Taylor says. 
When cable first went into the big 
city high-rise buildings in the 
late "60s 
the simplest method for installing it 
was to drop, 
a line vertically trom one 
‘apartment through to another. It also 
turned out to be the simplest system 
to tamper with. (In New York City, 50 
per cent of Manhattan Cable's buildings. 
‘are wited this way; 1.7 per cent of 
Teleprompter's) The parts needed to 
make @ connection are, in themselves, 
above suspicion and’ readily 
avail: 
able in any electrical supply ‘store. 
It 
Costs the illegal tapper between $17 
land, $25 to hook himsell up, 
‘Company-made connections include 
‘a converter that expands the number 
‘of channels 
available, bringing 
the sub- 
seriber foreign-language programs, 
ppublic-access channels, and the home 
ames of the Knicks and Rangers. 
Black-market converters are 
sometimes 
sold in TV repair shops: and obliging 
superintendents may have one or two 
tucked away. The going rate is $30-35 
for the box; $50 includes installation 
For those who do not have a cabie 
rop conveniently running through 
their tineg closet. tapping the system 
involves a greater risk of detection. But 
it'can be done and often Is. 
Most of the country’s cable is stil 
situated in nonurban’ areas where it 
s strung along telephone poles; a 
drop runs to each subscriber's house 
While climbing a telephone pole might 
‘seem a dangerous stunt, itis quite pop- 
Ular in college communities and near 
military bases, where people have the 
{echnical expertise to do it. 
(Steel 
fooispikes protruding from the poles 
make the climb relatively easy.) 
RESISTOR 
<— 
But fun-and-games is not the prime 
‘motivation of cable pirates. Something 
for nothing is. Subscriber fees now av- 
‘erage $7 a month, up from an average 
‘of $5 three years ago. In Manhattan, 
the fee, which had been $6 since 1965, 
jumped to $9 in March 1974 and was 
faised another $1 last fall 
Although obtaining the paraphernalia 
for making an illegal connection is 
simple, successtully tapping in is not 
Many 
“illegals” 
are discovered when 
ighboring subscribers complain of re: 
duced signal or loss of service. (In 
"made connection, 
without @ converter, can cause ghosts 
‘on other tenants’ screens.) 
Cable companies are’ not passively 
waiting for trouble calls to tell them the 
pirates have boarded. They know, and 
they have increased their efforts to find 
the freeloaders. For example, there are 
periodic audits that call for inspection 
‘of cable drops, comparing each con 
fection with a printout of paying cus- 
tomers. 
Auditors’ 
reports can be embarrass 
Ing. A fair amount of "illegals" are dis 
connections that were ordered by sub- 
scribers and never made. In some 
‘cates, expert installations (or recon 
rections) have been arranged by moon- 
lighting 
cable-company employees. 
Manhattan Cable offers 
its 
installers. a 
‘bounty for “keeping their eyes and ears 
‘open for illegals. 
There's also. technology. Companies 
olfering pay-TV use one of three se- 
curity methods for restricting their prod- 
Wet to those who pay for i 
(1) Midband. Programs. are broad- 
cast on a midband channel 
between 
two regular channels. A device attached 
to the subscriber's set converis the 
signal to a standard channel 
(2) Descrambler or converter-de- 
scrambler. The video portion of the sig- 
nal 
sent on the pay-TV channel is 
‘scrambled. A device in the subscriber's 
home decodes the picture. 
(@) Trap. An electronic tiller placed 
In the cable drop outside the home 
blocks the signal from teaching non- 
subscribers. When you sign up for pa 
1V, the company removes the trap. This 
method requires no converter in the 
subscriber's home, 
‘This filter schematic diagram 
was sent in by an Austin, Tx. 
TAP reader who says that it 
works on the Home Box Office 
scrambling frequency. Try itl 
GET MUGGED !: 
lion's pay-cable channels, reports that 
60 per cent of the 100 systems it serv- 
ices are currently using traps (approx- 
imate cost: $5 each);-32 per cent are 
scrambling signals (cost: $40-50 per 
descrambler); and 8 per cent are broad: 
‘casting on the midband (cost, $38-45 
er converte). 
Midband is the least secure option 
mile a few companies and individuals 
who have advertised “detuning” services 
‘oF peddled converters door-to-door 
have been prosecuted, underground 
‘merchants still flourish. 
Descramb| 
than two yeafs ago) 
scarce on the black markel. And com: 
panies are now recording the serial 
‘umber of each device given to an 
Installer and @ subscribes 
Will traps (the security method most 
‘ecently introduced) trip up the pirates? 
For awhile, yes. 
“I's extremely dif- 
ficult 10 bypass them,” says Thayer 
Bigelow, whose company uses con- 
verter-descramblers, 
"but 
it can be 
done’: 
Uptown, al Teleprompter, the 
choice is. traps. 
‘Meanwhile, @ new Utimate Weapon 
that 
"5 both traps and. scram~ 
bigd "signals has been announced 
Called the addressable tap, 
it would 
give a cable company computerized 
control of any. number ol channels 
‘90ing info @ subscriber's home. 
Will 
that end piracy? One industry source 
shakes his head, “Anything one man 
‘can design, another man can beal.” 
Honesty is hard to beat. And far 
more endearing than technology. At 
bottom, 
it's 
what the cable companies 
must bank on. Their current battle plan 
Calls 
for accelerated policing of their 
systems, prosecuting when necessary. 
‘and publicizing all successful convic- 
lions. They reason that _no one wants 
to risk jail for 
a "take" of between $100 
‘and $200 a year 
‘Sometimes, merely letting 
“illegal 
know they ate liable to. prosecution 
‘does the trick. When local papers car- 
fied the story of. the new New York 
State law, Elmira Video, Inc. was del 
‘uged with calls from persons who 
wanted to know if they or their Jand- 
Tords were supposed to be paying for 
their cable service. General Manager 
John T. Moore smiled knowingly; and 
picked up quile a few subscribers. 
When he can, Moore prefers speak- 
ing softly to shaking the big. stick 
Though he will prosecute continuing 
Violaiors, he rarely mentions that pos- 
sibility on first meeting. 
“I just say, Tm 
‘sorry but we'll have to disconnect,"-and 
at least 50 per cent turn right around 
‘and become paying customers. 
That's right, get mugged!!! Start off the New Year right 
by getting your TAP mug, The mug is white with black TAP 
logo, 11 onces, and stackable. Excellent 
for coffee, juice, 
beer or for using as a planter 
Cost : $4 plus 509 for postage. Total 
heap mother youself, stop by the TA 
to pick up your mug and save 
the 50% postage charge. 
or yo 
Columbian Gold! 
4.50. If you're a 
P office on Wednesdays 
IMPORTANT 
NOTICE! 111111011111 
‘AI TAP aubscriptions are pro-rated, For all 
you burn-outs, that means that if you send us 
the old sub rate, you will get only 8 issues. 
Issues are 50¢ each, whether you buy them as 
back issues or through a regular subscription. 
‘THE TELEPHONE COMPANY 
Jn New York decided to save 
charging 
10g for focal 
Iiforatin 
call Rae ron, 
the 
company is foxing 
about 
$700,000 
this 
yeor. Customers, in 
‘Ser 10 avoid paying for in- 
Fematon call have boon a. 
ing 
free telephone decries 
insu velume tha he phone 
Company hos 
spent 
$2.9"milion 
cxidtienal forthe books.
NDEM SCANNING 
Dr. 
Tandem scanning is the most risky of all because it has to 
be done with a Blue Box. It is recommended that you use pay 
phones, Tandems usually have some rather interesting codes. 
So let's talk about them for a while - there are routing codes, 
operator codes, exchange codes, area codes, translation 
codes, service codes (special). Each will be discussed in 
detail. 
OPERATOR CODES - usually the last few digits sent - follows 
the routing codes. Here are the standard operator codes : 
101 - test board for the specific toll office. Their purpose is 
to do trunk measurement and testing. 
121 - Inward operator - usually assists your local "O" operator 
in connecting to party. The 121 operator will not dial 
anything out of the toll area. As long as requests of 
assistance in dialing is in the LOCAL DIALING AREA 
or HER SERVING AREA, the operator will never ques- 
tion a call, 
131 - Directory assistance operator - this is similar toa 
555-1212 type except it is what the operator dials. 
141 - Rout and Rate - this is what the operator dials to get 
: 
1. Rate information 
2. Routing information such as special overseas routing 
etc. The routing usually is to an overseas operator - 
usually to get them to connect you to a strange country 
not on the 10TC list of direct dial countries 
800-141 is a special WATS information service where 
the operator gets alternate routing info on WATS 
160-XXO - Overseas operators to various countries 
11XXX - Special marine verify operators where there are non 
standard codes. This is good scanning material - ie. 
from 11000 to 11999 can yield very interesting operators 
such @s "leave word and call back" also "conference 
operators" 
TRANSLATION CODES - used for inwats and overseas dialing- 
also in verify. Most all translation codes start with a "1", 
INWATS - Some typical inwats codes are 
: 125, 135, 145, 
163, 164, 165, The third digit is the "Band" of the wats. 
3. 
done to retrieve the code. It is KP-213-000-ST or KP- 
000-ST into any California tandem. You get a brief tone 
followed by a kachunk, then you key ina 3 digit office 
code which identifies the operator office that has asked 
for the check followed with the actual credit card number 
without the area code. For example, to check a credit 
card whose phone number is 264-2999 and RAO code is 
293, you'd make up an 3 digit office code (any will do) 
and dial 375-264-2999-293-J and the computer would 
give one 
of the following four responses : 
Negative, negative 264-2999-293 Negative 
negative 264-2999-293 
"OK OK (Re-order)" 
3, "Re-key Re-key" (You must key in the CCN again) 
4, "Re-dial Re-dial" (You must do the KP - 000 - ST 
or KP-213-000-ST again), 
A complete scan was done on the 3 digit office codes. This 
was done in 1972 when the computer went into service, No one 
bas done it since then. It might be possible now to remotely 
program it - to make it say OK OK to your favorite phone 
number. Another special code is 317-009. This is affection- 
ately known as the "Golden Goose" computer. It is very handy 
and I'm going to wxplain what has been found , again by scanning. 
KP-317-009-ST gets you Beep Kerclink, Then KP-999+XXXXX 
XXXXXX-ST where XX are from 2 to 11 digits. If you key in 
less than 2 digits it will say "short short" and if you key in more 
then 11 digits it will say "long long". However, if you stay with- 
in the range, it will repeat back each digit you sent into it. The 
purpose is to check the operation of your Blue Box. Yes! 1 kid 
you not! It is an MF checker that works great! For example, 
if you key in KP-317-009-ST then KP-999-1234567800-ST and 
it says "one, two, three, five, six, eight, nine, zero", you 
know that four and seven aren't getting through and guess what- 
yeh, you guessed it- the 700 Hz oscillator is either off frequency 
or lower in amplitude than the rest. The tolerance on the 317-009 
is much tighter than the regular tandems so it is great to use 
to keep your MF equipment up to par, however, getting through 
to 317-009 is possible and getting it to respond might be hard 
ifall your tones are off frequency so try to tune your "little 
Blue toy organ" as close to frequency as possible before you 
tie up the line checking with the 317-009, It would be criminal 
to tie up this line checking your out-of-tune organ while other 
young Boxers are eagerly awaiting to check their handy work. 
Now let's suppose you are having trouble getting 202-456- 
08X is also used where X is the band number. For example1212 to work and you want to find the routing code. First you 
you can reach any 800 number regardless of where 
disregarding what band it is by dialing 085-424-9337 
you are key in KP-317-009-ST or KP-009-ST if you're already in 317, 
~ yOu Then key in KP-202-456-ST and it will say "route area plus 
are band 5 to 800-424-9337, 084-424-9337 - you are band one two one" which means that 202-121 will get you the proper 
4 to 800-424-9337. You can also dial 145-9337 or 144-9337 operator. To get the proper operator for the number 707-777- 
etc, if you are in the 202 area code. The 
is 202-145-9337, 
OVERSEAS - 18X codes are overseas operators access codes. 
To dial overseas, the standard operator code is : KP 
011 + OCC ST where CC is the country code. You then 
get routed to an appropriate "sender" at one of the gate- 
way cities and then you key in the country code + city 
code + number. The "senders" are : 
182 = White Plains, N. Y. 
184 = Pittsburgh, Pa. 
185 = Orlando, Fla. 
186 = Oakland, Ca. 
187 = Denver, Colo, 
188 = New York -(NOT MONTREAL) 
‘To find out what "sender" you get, key in KP + 000-0000 
+ ST to any of the above senders. For example, suppose 
you wanted to find out the sender that New Zealand is 
routed through. The CC for New Zealand is 064 so you 
would key in KP + 011 + 064+ST, wait for your beep- 
click - tone, then key in KP + 000-0000 + ST. You would 
then hear "This is the international switching center in 
Denver, Colo. - This is a recording - 3031 " You now 
know that 187 was used. 
SERVICE ROUTING CODES - these codes go to Route and Rate 
computers, credit card check computers, etc. In L. 
A. 
Bell installed a computer to check credit cards. This 
computer not only checks the RAO code with the actual 
credit card number (CCN) but it actually checks its 
complete number 9999 you key in KP-317-009-ST then KP-707-777-ST and you 
should hear "route area plus zero zero one" -"'check nine" 
which means that 707-001 will get you the operator for the 
777 exchange, The "check nine" tells you that 707-777-9999 
is a pay phone. (After the three digit area code and the three 
digit exchange the first digit in the last four digits is usually 
a "9" indicating a pay phone although some of the newer pay 
phone exchanges are starting to use "8") 
Maybe now I should clarify the difference between scanning 
and hacking. Scanning is usually sequentually trying numbers 
while hacking is randomly trying best bet numbers. While 
scanning or hacking up tandems, the thing to remember is 
never stay on longer than 3 to 5 minutes ata 
time. Always 
use working numbers when scanning and stay away from all 
800 numbers or 555-1212 numbers as they are VERY unsate. 
Do your scanning after 11 PM your time and remember if the 
trunk or code supes it can only cost you 25¢ at the most, Most 
of the time you will be getting tandem recordings and dropping 
cards like crazy which is why you should dial back in every 
3 minutes or so, Normally, you don't ring numbers more than 
3-5 minutes if there's no answer. The "schmuck" in the 4A will 
probably try to track you down because of all your card droppings 
and you shouldn't want to stay there sitting like a "duck" beep- 
ing into the phone. You could be traced but that takes time, at 
least 2-3 minutes, It usually takes 30 seconds to determine 
which city you are coming from but quite a lot longer to get 
your exchange. This ties up at least 3 people on your end and 
at 11 PM or later, those "schmucks" got better things to do. 
Since you are not ripping them off by using 800 numbers or 
actual validity. A considerable amount of scanning was Cee 
numbers, they really couldn't bust you anyway, and
if you fuck up and supe a few - so what! Your AMA won't look 
funny so the Security department won't catch on. If someone 
does come on the line you will hear a high pitched tone around 
2,000 Hz and a few "clicking" noises. Remember, the guy in 
the 4A has to send an identifying tone to trace. This is a very 
soft 2,000 Hz tone. If this happens, STOP! !1 Hang up and do it 
again a few hours later or scan another tandem from another 
pay phone. 
Other uses include automatic rate information. For example, 
if you can scan around and determine the codes for day rate, 
evening rate, weekend rate, and coin control, you can scan by 
keying KP-(Rate codes)-(Area code)-000-0000-(Area code)- 
000-0000-ST. The first area code and number are yours and 
the second area code and number are the number you're calling. 
The computer will then say "Rate-one, four, five-coast to coast 
current pay phone rate," This means $1, 45 for the first three 
minutes, 
Here are some progressions to try : 
000-009, 022-029, 032-039, 092-099. Skip 011 because it is 
for the overseas sender and skip 010 and 012-019 because 
these are reserved for TWX. (See TAP issue #49 for more 
info on TWX Phreaking.) Follow each code with 121. If it goes 
to an operator and she picks up, blow it off. Don't worry about 
not blowing her off fast enough. If you do your scanning from 
a pay phone, there's not a damn thing that she can do about it. 
Keep a log of all numbers and codes tried with results : 
Pass 1 (121) Pass 2 (111) 
Toll 
Verify 
022 opr 
9143 
yes 
027 opr 
9148 
no 
33 opr 
9145 
yes 
--- 
034 busy 
—-2039 
no 
yes 
056 busy 
2167 
yes 
no 
099: opr 
9144 
no 
a 
Step 1 - Go through the 3 digit codes via the progression above 
using "121" after each code: KP-000-121-ST, KP-001- 
121-ST, etc. If an operator answers with the name of 
the city she is in, blow her off and mark "opr" next. 
to the code, If you get a busy signal, mark down "busy". 
Step 2 - Go through only the opr ones and add 111 instead of 121 
after the code, These will give different tandem record- 
ings. For example, 022 will give 9143. 
Step 3 - Find out which of the codes are for toll switching. To do 
this, add 182, 186, or 001-OCC and see if it switches 
overseas. Mark "yes" under TOLL column, 
Step 4 - Now go through all "0" and "1" codes with the suffix of 
a "busy" number, For example, let's suppose that 936- 
1212 is "busy" for you. Start keying in KP-000-936- 
1212-ST, KP-001-936-1212-ST, etc. If you hear a click 
and then silence, or a conversation, you have auto-verify 
and should mark a "yes" under the VERIFY column. 
Some of the codes in the "182" column will go through into 
the busy. There will be ones marked "yes" under the "182" 
column. After going through "0" codes, start on the "1" codes 
omitting 101, 121, 131, etc., then try the 18X codes and WATS 
translation codes, If you don't know them, it's easy to find them, 
just dial 800-XXX-YYYY. You get the XXX from your 800 pre- 
fix scan sheet, Suppose you're scanning 9141. You look for a 
9141 on your scan sheet and presto! You have 800-431-YYYY. 
Get a working number, preferably a computer or ARU if you 
found one and dial it. Blow it off and try : 
KP-125-XXXX-ST where XXX is the last 4 digits of the ARU 
KD-135-XXXK-ST -tandem 
KP-145-XXXX-ST -tandem 
KP-155-XXXX-ST -tandem 
KP-165 XXXX-ST -Ring - Beep 
WE FOUND IT}! 
Make sure to log down this 165 code, remembering that the 
"5" is the Band #, 
After scanning the VAR code, do some further testing. You 
are looking for a click and if you find it, you've found a veri- 
fication code, Now you can tap lines in that area. Record the 
exchanges it works on, Will it work for the whole area code 
or just a specific city? Get to know its limitations. Is it 
scrambled? Does it drop off in 10 seconds? Next you should 
scan the 5 and 6 digit codes. This takes the longest. Try these 
codes : 11000, 11999, 160-xXX, and 150-XXX where XXX is 
Ifyou find something strange, play with it] Sweep it with a 
signal generator. Ask yourselt, does it take MF, touch tone, 
2600? Shake it apart! Take every little piece and shake that! 
After you "tore it apart", then go looking for more. Use your 
imagination, intuition, ‘and common sense. 
A further note on tandem scanning - you might want to try 
to make contact with a "friend" at the 4A office. The phone 
numbers to the 4A offices are AC+958+XXKX if there are 
more than one 4A offices in the area code in question. San 
Diego is 714-958-042 while if all the dial is 714-958, you'll 
get San Bernadino. By the way, some central offices - 5XB, 
1XB, and step - will allow you to dial "1" and "0" as a 4th 
digit. For example 
: 
914-027-1211 will get you Peakskill, N.Y. 
914-182-1111 will get you an overseas sender 
212-121-1111 will get you a N.Y. inward operator. 
50 ISSUE INDEX 
BACK ISSUES - 50¢ each - Issue #50 is $1 
-Extensions, Conference Switches 
2-Blue Box Story and Abbie on Ripofis 
3-Telecommand Story 
4-Pay Phone Issue 
5-Blue Box Part 1 
wb 1s 4 Cc 
6-Blue Box Part 2 
my 
te 
7-Tuning Your Organ 
™ 
8-Credit Card Code/1972 Code 
zx 
> 
9-Super Dooper Project 
= 
Ea 
10-More Black Box Info 
11-Receiving long distance calls free 
12-Blue Box Plans 
13-International calls/Box plans 
14-International calls/AT&T papers 
15-1973 Credit code/T network 
16-Red Box Plans 
17-Red Box/Line Relay 
18-Call Stopper 
19-Snoop Light 
20-Cheese Box 
21-Automatic Phone Tap 
22-Answeroo 
23-Free Electricity 
24-Fraud Detectors, Index, 1974Code 
25-New Red Box/Free GAS 
26-New Blue Box 
27- Free Electricity 
28-Computer Bills /1975 CC Code 
29-Improved Blue Boxé& Snooplite, Int'l codes 
30-Party Lines, Fortress extension & locks 
31-Black Box, RAO Credit Card Codes 
32-"76 CC Code, Improved Red Box 
33-Supermarket codes and ripoffs, tax refusal 
34-SS#, Inside the Fortress, Fone Fucker 
35-Bulletproof vests, Parking meter locks 
36-Ultimate(hah!) Red Box, TEL update 
Discovering unlisted numbers 
37-Report from NW Canada, C CIS report 
38-Jumping Water and Electric’ Meters and 
alternatives, Black Box info. 
39- Fighting the Biggest Monopoly, Free Postage, 
Free Xerox 
40-Black Box Update/Tuning Your Organ 
41-Getting Busted/New CB Channels /1977 CC Code 
42-Interview With A Grand Guy/Blue Box Keyboard 
43-Report From England/Silver Box 
44-Ringing Generator Circuits 
45- Beginning Of The End/CB Frequencies 
46-Bell's Blue Box Buster/Autovon Info 
47-Radar Detectors/CB Info 
48-Legal Blue Box/Info Rain Data Service/Edison's Interview 
49-More Fortress Fun/TWX Phreaking/Marisat Codes 
50-Special 7th Anniversary Double Issue/Tandem Scanning 
Free Cable TV/Making Lock Picks/Electronics For The 
Dope Dealer/Birth Certificate ID Info/50 Issue Index 
“OTA 
000 thru 999. Who knows? You might find all kindsa neat a) 
1978 CC Code
GETTING HOOKED ON CABLE TV 
6. Crimp crimp ring 1/16" out from end of outer 
covering. 
7, Trim/cut inner wire 1/16" out from end of 
" 
fitt: 
. 
ED, NOTE: Connecting any type of wire to cables belonging 
The gimmick in ca installations is good manual dexterity 
to a Cable TV company or public communica- 
and the ability to size up a situation so you can put a wire 
tions company can be construed to be "theft of 
in the shortest distance between two points. Real professional 
communications" in many areas. This author 
work is neat. Good fittings, 90° corners, solid grounds, etc. 
does not support such interconnection or mod- 
This is what to strive for. 
ification or any illegal activities. The following 
description is provided for purely informational 
purposes only. All companies refered to are 
fictitious organizations invented by the author 
‘TOOLS 
for illustrative and explanatory reasons. 
ies 
Wire cutters 
Wire strippers } Try Radio Shack 3-way crimping tool 
Crimping tool 
3/8" Drill - preferably electric; a hammer drill speeds up 
3. 
Grilling of holes in concrete or brick 
Bits for drill - 24" x 3/8" for concrete, 3" x 3/8" for 
wood and steel 
Screwdrivers - #1, #2, #3 Robertson (square) 
Standard slot type 
Wrenches - Adjustable, large size 
Open end, 7/16" x 1/2" 
Pedestal (nut driver), 7/16" x 3/8" 
Hanmer 
Carpet knife 
Optional: Stapler (with wire end) 
Bash bit and handle (for making holes in concrete 
Stapler with cable adapter, staples 
EQUIPMENT 
Cable: #59 and #50Wessenger 
F59 Connectors and rings 
Splitters: 
- F81 
1:2 - 2 way 
- 3 way 
- 4 way 
Electrical tape 
SMT (Standard Matching Transforner ) 
For Drops: Span Clamp, Pole Hook, Lashing Wire Clamp, Drop 
Wire Hook, Ground Strap, Ground Wire (#14), GB3 
and F59G Connectors, Hiatts (mm, 3nm) 
INSTALLATION 
Start at your TV. You need an SMT to adapt most 300 ohm 
TV inputs to Cable TV's 75 ohm, Newer TVs have this feature 
built right in - just set the jumper wire or awitch to 75 
ohms. The SMT is a small metel or plastic can with two 
spade lugs for attaching to the TV. They're available in 
most electronic parts stores. 
Iocate the nearest cable line, a 2" round wire that snakes 
around your building. Make sure it's not the phone wire, 
Trace a known cable tv hookup from the set to outside, then 
determine what lines are what. Remember that tapping into a 
nearby line using a splitter may be illegal and can also 
deteriorate others' reception if there are a number of out- 
lets already in the area or just if the general signal level 
is low (CATV service is not perfect), Irate subscribers 
watching lousy reception tend to call their local Cable TV 
serviceman who does a dB level check along the line and this 
could reveal any illegal or amateur taps. 
Unprofessional or sloppy self-connections are signals to 
the serviceman that a connection is illegal and these are 
usually subject to the sub in question being forced into 
paying by a slick, threatening salesman. So the idea is to 
practice before doing anything - you only screw yourself if 
you do something wrong. Also, since Cable TV is destined to 
become one big Pa Bell type company someday, your close ob- 
servation of equipment used and techniques employed can only 
result in ultimate benefit for the people. 
The first basic mistake of all amateur CATV installers is 
not Imowing how to put an F59 fitting on the end of the cable. 
Here's how: 1. Cut end of cable, 
2, Strip outer insulation for 13" carefully, 
Note presence of ground braid. 
3. Strip inner insulation 3/8" out from end of 
outer covering. 
4. Slip erimp ring over outer insulation. 
5. Push-twist (gripping with pliers if necessary) 
protruding end of F59 fitting over inner insu- 
lation until outer covering meets with large 
diameter part of fitting. Some installers make 
this easier by mashing the outer cable covering 
with the end of their pliers to soften and 
loosen it. 
There are a number of ways to beat the system: 
1, Share one line with one or more neighbors, Drill a hole 
in an inner wall and run to your set using a splitter. Try 
hiding the hole in adjoining closets and putting your SMT 
there too. Run regular flat 300 ohm wire to your set, Looks 
like an ordinary aerial hookup, right? 
If they don't want to share, tell them you'll pay the couple 
of extra bucks if they get an extra legal outlet put in, 
You supply the TV or radio for the time of installation and 
place it close to where you will drill a hole to your place. 
You're friendless, You'll Just have to do it yourself, 
I'11 attempt to cover most situations, 
(a) Suburban homes, houses, etc: It's usually unwise to tap 
into-e 
nelghbor’s 
Line ere Tor obvious reasons - visibility 
of line mainly. You might as well install your own line. 
Locate the main line by tracing back a neighbor's from his 
house to the street or phone poles or wherever. Look very 
closely. His drop wire may run along the main line to a tap 
(Just @ heavy duty splitter). Hook your cable into one of 
the outlets not being used, This complete running of wire 
from house to tap is known as a drop. (See Notes on Drop 
rs) distinguishing cable line from phone line) 
>) Downtown houses, multiple family houses: Here it's 
eae ipseneTemetoee taarrelgthoraam raibertan! aorta tial 
litter on yours or a nearby house, If all the splitter 
aps are being used, get one with one more tap (for you) 
or put ina 2-way, by running a small piece of line to the 
input and putting 2 of the existing legal lines into it. 
DON'T YOU hook in here - these will be the suspect parties 
Tf checked by Service. In 90% of cases, no signal deterio- 
ration will take place, Besides, you will seem to be 
legal. Use your imagination to hide your line's route. 
Just remember, when a line goes into a hole in the wall, 
ité destination is harder to trace. 
(ce) oe 
High and Low Rise: These are set up with 
a master tap 
box usually. 
tS location can be on the roof, 
ina stairwell on each floor, in the meter room or in the 
garbage chute room, or finally, in the basement furnace 
room, This is the usual order of occurence. 
The lines run according to their source. Outside, down 
the side of the building ending in a loop outside a window, 
at appropriately located splitters or actually going into 
the apartment and terminated at an outlet box inside the 
wall. Inside runs go along hallways covered with plastic 
mouldings to hide them. In this case, the line is probably 
just outside your apartment (or it could run into a closet), 
Variations exist depending on building 
construction, For 
example, using garbage chutes as a main run or any hollow 
running the length or width of the building. Newer apart- 
ments usually use pre-wired outlets. Where there are 
mouldings outside in the hall, do this: Take moulding off 
aime 
(the section right outside your apartment) noting 
how it is attached. Find the nearest dead-ended line, 
Drill a hole through the wall (preferably into a closet) 
behind the bundle of cables. If the cable has enough spare 
length, Just push it through from outside. If not, put in 
an F81 connector outside and run a new line into your place. 
For outside lines - drill a hole through a window sill, 
bring the line inside, etc. (Drilling out through a wall 
may involve going through brick or hard concrete, a job 
for a hammer drill. So, stick to easy, soft routes unless 
you have the tool or patience for heavy surfaces) To get 
signal, go to master box and hook in your apartment #, 
If 
no ID tags are present, put an audio buzzer or radio or 
output of your hi-fi to the apt. endof the cable, Check 
unhooked cables in the box using a radio earphone and al- 
ligator clips until you hear something. If box is inside - 
run, lines can be split in the moulding to a live line with 
a minimum amount of trouble. Locate the splitter down a bit 
from the apt. entry hole so it'll be harder to trace. Use 
the same technique as before, YOU run direct and split 
‘g 
lines. If your main box has a lock on it or some 
other security device, this method of splitting to live 
lines inside (past) it works quite well. 
(4) Underground cables, wireless subdivisions: Locate a 
Phonseo pedestal 
(metel 
Fectenemlar 
box), 
Open using 
Pedestal wrench or nut driver of appropriate size, Cables 
Usually use lot number IDs - make sure it's a cable tap 
you've located, NOT a telephone-only tap. The metal door 
slides up. Unmarked lines can be traced using a buazer (or 
radio signal) on house end and detection by earphone probes.
THE DROP: How to do it Right 
Definition: installing a drop wire (Messenger 59 or BC6) 
————_ from the line tap to the structure where outlets 
are to be located. 
Procedure 
Plan the installation first. 
Iocate the tap. Decide on the wire run and pace off the 
relative distance to house/bldg. for line length. Look for 
possible exterior ground locations in deciding where and how 
to place attachment, (See Grounds) Carry enough 59 cable to 
complete all interior work anticipated. Don't forget interior 
ground possibilities. 
Size up interior cable run. 
hole (inside GND? - run past cold water pipe). 
and cable. 
Place ladder at TAP (be careful) and Drop wire at attach- 
ment location, Put on 59 cable end while on the ground, it's 
easier. Separate drop wire from main cable for about a foot. 
Strip end and bend, Put on ID tag nos. Climb ladder, Tem- 
porarily attach wire to the strand (loose mot), Using wrench, 
Place lashing wire clamp on metal strand near tap and tighten 
firmly. Attach pre-bent lashing wire to it and tighten, Make 
sure you have a sufficient drip loop for cable from separation 
to tap (about a foot). Put a plastic tie or tape at lash 
wire/cable separation, Next, put a span clamp on at the proper 
leation ( varies - a 90° run at strand to attachment location 
is best). Use ties or tape to attach wire to strand when run- 
ning along it at 4 foot intervals. Separate lash wire from 
cable with a knife very carefully for about a foot where it 
Passes span clamp. Wrap lashing wire 2 or 3 times around span 
clamp hook. Put ties or tape at separations of lash wire/cable. 
Place ladder at attachment location. 
Use a drop wire hook (ramshorn), Put an anchor in if attach- 
ment is to mortar, instead of wood, 
Strip lashing wire from cable and wrap it around ramshorn 
2 or 3 times and then twist back to drop wire. If drop is 
taut (only a foot max sag in 100 feet), cut or have cut the 
remaining cable below the ramshorn to about 3 feet, Forma 
drip loop back to the cable just after the ramshorn and tie or 
tape in place. Cut the end of the cable square, put on a 59 
connector, Then use an Fé connector or splitter, running 
eable(s) to entry holes and using hyatts for attaching the 
cable to the mortar between the bricks. Don't forget the 
ground! 
Leave 6' at TV and run to exit 
Put SMT on TV 
Note: Pole attachments 
If a telephone pole is used as dropwire attachment, 
remember to put a pole hook in the side of the pole, 
not the face. The side has the rungs 
or is parallel 
with the strand. 
GROUNDS 
One common area of inspection is grounds, According to Specs, 
all cables must be properly grounded. This can be done at the 
following locations depending on the specific conditions, In 
order of preference: 
1. Cold Water Pipe (copper): either before outside shutoff 
tap or any point on line after. 
Cold Water Pipe (galvanized): before winter shutoff 
only (usually inside), or at any interior point before it. 
Electrical Stacks: at a reasonable distance (one to two 
feet) from power input. 
Ground Rods: must be fully inserted into the ground next 
to building. 
2a 
3. 
4 
Note:-All pipes used as grounds must be completely sanded/ 
scraped to bare metal, for 75% of their circumference. 
All paint, rust, corrosion, coatings removed. 
-Ground straps must be tight and inmovable by hand and 
#14 ground wire used. 
~Grounds After Splitters must be jumped using £596 and 
ground wire, 
Alternative methods utilize a ground wire and GB3's. 
~Cable passing over water pipe shortcut: use a GB3 on 
cable and strap directly to cold pipe using GB3 screw/ 
nut, 
ABOUT INSTALLING 
It's not easy. Use your eyes before you do anything. 
Practice beforehand in your basement. That's how cable 
compenies teach their installers, Monkee-see, monkey-do. 
Be neat. 
Anything 
by David Krotz. It'11 
25 
3. 
4, Read How to Hide Almost 
help you get sneakier. 
A study by the General Accounting Office, 
government watchdog for Congress, has con- 
cluded that 7 per cent of all the mail being 
distributed today by the Postal Service is being 
sent to the wrong address, 
@ 
COUNTER CONTROL 
THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE “PART 1 
by Agent MDA 
To exercise counter control effectively on 
landlords, bankers, police, Pa Bell, and other 
oppressors, it is often necessary to have 
false I.D. Sources for false ID are scarce, 
but almost anyone can make their own ID using 
easily accessable supplies and equipment. 
Here is an overview of tne process: 
1. Obtain a birth certificate (BC) 
2. Make some xerox copies of the BC. 
3. White-out and paste-up on one of the xerox copies, 
blanking out the typed-in information to 
make a Master Copy (MC) 
4. Use the Master Copy to run off as many blank 
BC!s as desired. 
5. Make or obtain a seal similar to the one on 
the original BC. 
6. Finish the documents- apply seal, trim excess 
paper, apply rubber stamps, signatures ,etc. ; 
as needed. 
The above process is relatively simple to 
comprehend, but doing it is a lot of hard work 
as some steps are more difficult to accomplish 
and are time consuming. Some tips on details 
may be helpful. 
First, a good quality BC to use as an 
original to make the Master Copy from can be 
obtained by sending for your own BC or by 
borrowing one from a friend. A BC that is 
black print on white paper works best. Some 
BC's are black print oncolored safety paper 
(check type paper) and will make good copies 
on some machines and unusable copies on others. 
Second, the type of copy machine you are 
going to use is important. The “wet copiers" 
like the kind you find in many libraries make 
grey slimey copies that ate unacceptable. 
A "dry copy" machine that prints on regular untreated 
paper is recommended. If you have trouble 
finding a dry copier try the yellow pages under 
copy or duplicating services. Xerox makes 
several machines that will print on almost any kind 
of paper, including safety paper and card stock. 
IBM makes some copy machines that have a 
lighter/darker copy feature that is useful 
in eliminating shadows blemishes in the background 
of your copies. 
The first duplicate copies you make of the 
BC will be used to prepare a Master Copy. 
"White-out or Daisy" correction Fluid is used 
to cover the typing over and to remove other data you 
don't want on the Master. Scissors, rubber 
cement ,T-square ,Papercutter,and other paste-make-up 
accessories will help produce better copies, 
but are not essential. The people at graphic art 
stores are generally very helpful and will 
give you some useful paste-up techniques tips if 
you should have any difficulty. 
The MC when prepared right should look like 
a blank BC form. Run a test copy of the MC and 
make scerfections on the MC as necessary, 
ie, 
white-out shadowed areas, blemishes, etc. When 
you are satisfied with the copy, run off as many 
as desired. The excess paper should be trimmed 
from your copies and you should try to make it 
look as close as possible to the original. A 
paper cutter with board and a rubber stamp kit 
with resettable type are almost necessary at this 
point, although a scissor and typewriter will do 
in a.pinch. All that is needed now is to add 
the seal of the County Recorder, or a reasonable 
facsimile, to make the homemade BC complete. 
1978 CC CODE 
1234567890 
QZMAHXFTLR 
the 7th digit
COUNTER CONTROL 
THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE- PART 11 
by Agent MDA 
Here's a list of equipment and supplies 
needed: 
$2.00 
4.50 
2 blocks of "FIMO" modeling clay 
1 pint plastic casting resin 
(hardware,paint or plastic wholesaler's) 
ite 
iu 
3. 1 “OFFICIAL" seal handpress with 
insert (yellow pages under "seals") 
5.00 
4. 1 set of reverse letter punches 
33.00 
3/16 inch or smaller (Look in the 
yellow pages- “tools, Industrial 
Wholesale". this item may have to be 
special ordered.) 
5. 1 jar of rubber cement 
Me 
6. “Krylon” or other silicone spray 
2:25, 
7. Regular unhardening modeling clay 
1.00 
Items 1-4 may not be easy to locate and it 
will save consideravle time finding them thru the 
yellow pages. 
Here is an overview of the manufacturing 
proces 
1. Roll FIMO clay into a sheet 1/8 inch thick. 
2. Make a shallow impression of the seal border 
into the FIMO using a male seal plate which is in 
the seal press. ( The male plate is the one 
with the raised surface on it.) 
You now have a border of a seal in the FIMO- 
use the reverse letter punches to make the 
lettering within the border. Draw a picture 
in the center of the seal similar to the one 
you are trying to copy. Most seals have a 
picture in the center- books and a scroll, a 
star, a tree, buildings, mountains, etc, The 
drawing does not have to be impressed in the 
clay very deeply in order to come out good. 
4.The plate you've just made is a female-all the 
letters,pictures and border are indented. 
Trim off the excess FIMO around the edges of 
the border and bake in the oven according to 
the instructions on the FIMO package. FIMO 
when baked turns into a hard rubber like sub- 
stance, and your plate is now very durable. 
Roll flat some regular modeling clay. 
Put your female seal-plate on the clay 
lettered side up. Spray lightly with silicone. 
Using some more modeling clay, encircle the 
female plate with a little dam about 1/2 inch 
high, making a cup around the disk of the 
female plate. 
Pour plastic casting resin 1/8 inch thick 
over the female plate. This will make the 2nd 
half of your seal-the male plate. 
One half of your seal will be FIMO, the other 
half will be plastic. 
When the plastic hardens sufficiently, 
separate the two plates. If you used silicone 
spray before you poured the plastic, the two 
plates will come apart easily. 
Rubber cement the two plates into the "insert", 
put the insert into the handpress, 
test seals on paper. 
and make a few 
The male seal plate that is to be used to 
make the initial impression in the FIMO (step 2) 
has to be worked on. 
If you buy the Official Seal Hand Press, 
Modes 1-K, try to buy it with blank plates-it's 
much cheaper and easier to work on. One side of 
the "insert" will have a female brass plate with 
a border on it, and the other side will have a blank 
piece of plastic on it. To make a male plate 
with border, just lock the hand press closed and put 
the whole thing in an oven heated to about 425. 
The blank piece of plastic will melt into the 
brass plate and you will have a good blank 
male plate with border to impress into the FIMO. 
If you are using the plate from an already 
made seal (MooseLodge, Notary, etc,) ,you will 
have to scrape the useless lettering off with 
a file, emeryboard, etc. A moto-tool does a good 
job of grinding off lettering. All you want is the 
border to impress into the FIMO- the lettering is 
done by pressing the reverse letter punches into 
the space between the margins in your FIMO copy. 
Check the impression your seal makes in the 
paper. It should be an even impression, clear, 
readable, and have all the lettering,borders, and 
picture raised toward the printed side of your 
document 
. 
If the seal impression is so strong that it 
rips the paper, you are either squeezing the 
hand press too hard or you have made your 
lettering into the FIMO plate too deep. Not a 
strong enough impression in the paper means the 
lettering in the Fimo ptate is too light. 
Weak spots on the seal can be made to impress 
the paper more strongly by rubber cementing small 
pieces of paper on the back of the flexible FIMO 
plate of the seal. 
Often a letter is too raised and punctures 
the paper. This can be corrected by filing down the 
raised letter on the plastic male plate with an emery 
board. 
Making seals this way is an art- the 
i 
ict 
in the center of the 
aeskhald BBLS GORE by hand. rt may take several 
tries before you have a useable seal but 
once you master the process additional seals are 
quickly and easily made. 
0¢ each. 
ing - 10 issues ~ US Bulk rate $5. 
Class in plain sealed envelope $7. 
Canada & Mexico First Class $7. 
Foi 
IMPORTANT! 
Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
when writing to TAP about your subscription, 
ics Courses < Sf each, A - DC Basics, 
'B- AC Basics, C- Phone Basics, D- Ampliliers, 
TAP mugs - $4.50. 
TAP T-shirts ~ $4.50. Specity size and color : Small, 
Medium, Large, Extra Large. Black or red T-shirt 
with white TAP logo. 
‘TAP "Ma Bell Is A Cheap Mother" 
T-shirts - $4.50, 
Specify size and ccior: Medium, Large, Extra Large. 
Blue, tan, or yellow. 
Send ONLY check or money order (No Cash) to: 
TAD, Hom 418, 189 West 
42 Street, New York, N. X. 10036. 
This is a mail drop only. 
FICE : 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York, N.Y, 1000) 
HOURS: WEDNESDAY, $= 9 pm, 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to: 
TAP,ROOM 418, 152 W.42ST, NY 10036 
WINTER PARK, Fla. (AP) — Somewhere 
there's a vandal with a screwdriver — and maybe 
with a screw loose. 
When officals 
at Winter Park High Seino 
re SQ 
turned from the holiday weekend, they found the 
place littered with doorknobs, electrical outlet 
plates, toggle switches and other equipment. 
Someone had unscrewed every screw be could 
reach. 
‘Some of the unscrewed pieces were missing, but 
0 other damage 
was done. 
‘The culprit ‘must have spent hours, or else 
thee wag an army of them,” Assent Princip 
‘yesterday. 
‘School maintenance 
crews spent most of the 
‘the school back together 
weren't sure how the vandal got in, but 
‘Bell had a hunch. “Probably with that screwdriv- 
er.” 
he sald. 
uk Rate 
US. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit 
No. 3 
Keasbey, NJ