a INTERNATIONALPARTY LINE(QY) Dp 7 YOuTHiy__.»>YIPL PRICE CHANGEYWe are reluctant to announce a pricechange because we've taken pride inoffering the best thing you couldbuy for a buck, Now we're the bestthing. you can buy for two bucks, Itshould be obvious to anyone who takesthe time to calculate what twelve 8¢cost us.The price change is retroactive. Ifyou can't afford to shell out anotherbuck, it means you're just anotherexploited serf of Amerikan industria-ism, and we'll understand. However,“uu should know that if we don't getSueh, we may have to stop printing.Good cheer,BELL EMPLOYEE S999If you are a Bell System Employee, youknow well enouch just what a sgkinflintcompany you work for. Write us yourdocumented experiences about worxinzfor the larzgest, most powerful pieceof shit in the whole world. If youGon't work for the phone company butknow someone who does, tell them towrite us.Other suggestions might be to postissues of YIPL inside the telephonebuilding of at key places wherepissed-off workers are likely tosee it.We want to have specific examples ofsexism, racism, anti-semitism, pigism,and any other ism you can think of.BACK ISSUES
AUGUST,7NODSTATEMENT OF PURPOSEFor those of ysu who don't understandexactly who the hell we are, let memake one thins perfectly clear, weare not them. Now don't misunderstandme. Of course, they could be sayingthe same thing about us, but certainlynot about themselves, To set the rec-ord straight, let me remind you notto judze someone by what he says, butby what others don't say about what hesays about them, Thank you.YIPL is a non-profit orgainization,not to be confused with the otherfucking rip off orgainizations thatcall themselves non-profit. We areattempting to bridse the communicat-ions gap generated by monopolieslike THE BELL SYSTEM, and Americanmass media,too. We will spread anyinformation that we feel cannot bespread adequatly by other means,YIPL is a Public Service. And we needstamps and money, And we need yourhelp. Tell your friends about YIPL,and tell them information that youlearn here that could be useful. Wedon't print this shit for a privilegedfew who pay their money. We send asubscription to anyone who wants one,even if they can't afford it. Ifyou attend college, make copies ofuseful tidbits and distribute them orpost at strategic locations. If ahalf-decent paper exists in your town,have them spread the word. And writeus your suggestions and informationthat you have,wack issues ¢an be ordered by sending 50¢ for each issue desired. Statenumber of issue.Number One- Conference call maker, the 1971 Credit Card Code, installingextensions,Nunber two- Dialogue with Abbie Hoffman and Russel Baker,THE BINE BOX.

CETPERBS TPO THE EHIOTORPlease mail the Youth International Hey, I dig what you're doing. Send meParty Line for one year.Of course, those newsletters. Incidentally, I haveI wouldn't really mess around with here two credit card no.s I'd like tothe ol' phone, but I'd like to see Share. One is that of a company whosehow those lousy freeks do it! M.L., name I don't know, but it is in N.Y.C.Yonkers, N.Y.Dear Abbie, It's 5325-6025-O074A. The other is ourfriends at IBM, Amant, N.Y. 769-1900-069Z. You may already have one or both,Enclosed ‘s one dollar for the YIPL but they are sent to you with fondestwhich we heard about on the July 6 wishes that they can be used by theAlex Bennet show, people. Right on, and write on! P.S.,We hope your nose feels better and Baltimore, Md.that America comes out okay. Love.P.S.-wWe have all of your baoks, Dear Abbie, Here's a dollar for a copythey're great. H.,Brooklyn, N.Y. of the YIP paper. If at all possible,Friends;could you send me a copy of ‘Steal thisBook", I'm a single mother of threeKindly use the enclosed, for a year children and use the info on ripping offof the Party Line so highly recon- the super market(food stamps help a littlemended on BAI last nicht by Chairman but they're nct free). Thank Yor. S.C.,Hoffman. Thanks. A.G., New Rochelle, Corona, N.Y,N.Y.
HCE PRE PBBGuess what, freeks? The world's bisgest pusher, ourown Uncle Sham, is teaming up with it's rain andshine people at Wells Farczo to supposedly stop drugabuse! This is part of its good zguy campaign Chatwas started in an attempt to discredit the wholeViet Vets against the War movement, dy makingmiddle amerika think every GI nas a needle in hisarn.Anyway, we're only mentioning the post office cause4{t seems a lot of sut mail is coming to ug in strangecondition, like open, empty, and mutilated. we'dlike to take this opportunity to zratefully thankall those responsible. The hate they incur keeps us#7 dins.To Fight back, YIPL readers are putting their stamps1 & 1/2 inches lower on the envelope, thus escapinzthe ocstmark. Remember, freeks, recycling will savethe werld,. And they are SPREADING THE WORD,Dru:s Abuse prevention week is scheduled for Octcber2-3 Yippies all over will be refusin:; to shoot up“3a
all junk with the U.S. Govt. Inspection label on it.Anyone subscribinzs to YIPL shculd be aware that they are probably under _observation by the FBI, the Phone Company, and their local prec-nct.Por that reascn, we stron-!y urve that you be wary of your telephone,because if ycu're dsin: anythin: that's avainst the LAW, that's howthey’1ll try to set you,Tney've «st your numnoer.

THE PRIVATE EAR> has recently come to our attention that a new device for invading youryrivacy is on the market. Called the Telecommand, this device is only anextension of what was formerly available to law enforcement officers. TheTelecomm@nd attaches to your phone internally, and whenever they want tobug your pad, they just call up and send a ton@ into their phone beforethey dial the last digit of your number. This automatically picks up yourphone before it rings. Now your phone, which looks like its just sittingthere hung up, is really live and listening t@ everything going on withinearshot. When he‘s heard enough, he simply nh&ngs up and yaur phone 1sback to normal,Recently, Serew magazine revealed that Nassau County D.A. Cahn had purchasedseveral thovaands of dollars worth of surveillance equiptment, including thetelecommand. And this will probably be followad by police departnents allover the country.I don't think I have to explain in detail just how fucked up it is for a D.A.to eavesdrop on the county he is supposed to be serving. What's worse, theeguiptment is paid for by county taxes, just as Federal taxes pay for theF.8.I.'s versions of the same shit.It should be realized, however, that the Telecommand is only a remote-controlextension of what the Telephcne Company hag been using for years. Previously,the police or F.B.I. had to listen from inside the Telephone Company buildinz.Now they San listen from the pay Sooth across the street. The results arefrighteninz. They can wait for just the rizht moment to break down the doorand catch you smoking pot, for example.It is believed, furthermore, that computerized networks for tapping are beingRet up across the coum: . This would mean J. Edgar himself cculd simplyal out your number form his office and the tap would automatically be act-iuvated.And if you don't think that they have the capability to monitor thousands ofpeople at the same time, just remembder that ina whcle year, your cumulativetotal of phone time is probably only a few hours. Tapes stored for futurereference could be quickly seanned for incriminating statements,Clicks are only a sign of an amateur tap. Do not ever assume that your phonels safe, even tor a moment.And if you don't believe it-Arthur S. Brewster is division security supervisor for the Southwestern BellTeleohsne Company, assisned toa the Kansas City cffice. He 18 a lawyer andSince 1950 has had the responsibllity, among other things, of assuring pri-vacy of the hundreds cf thousands of subscribers to the company's service.Brewster's relationship with the FBI was a clase one; when the Lon; commit-tee subpoenaed him to fCestify, he notified the FBI's Kansas City office.Senator Lon:: Dao your employees ever .:5 with the FBI men when they werediszuisec as telephecne employees?dr, Brewster: I will cut it this way. I tninx there were some bureaumen who went with the telephone ccmpany veosple. They had on 31d clothesand those thing-s....Senator Lon: Do you do this fcr private detect! ves?Mr, Brewster: tle, gir.Senator Lon;: ‘hy ost. It 18 a pubdlie service.Mr. Brewster: = would have tc have a lot of exp .anation....

Steal This Bosk, vital to say the leact, A 4 Cdr subscriptioncan Be had despite the dealer boycott, )send $2.25 to TAP, Roon 004, 152 W. 42 St. -N. Y.,N. Y. 10036 10012 ONS “., Please sen a"TAP is YIPL's new name.When sending in phone bills, or income +o e o Clgtax returns, forsettin: to put a stamp ° TAP COon the envelope won't hold up delivery,So when you do such things, save 8&¢. lAFriends, we are startin: to compile a R AY 419 neelist for shoppers of products made by WwW and C+. STA TMpig industries and war-supported . \Sa ’ be Jcompanies, Send in your own list. We' ll Npublish the whole bunch soon, \\ NY. ; Y. Nor"I should like to ask the Senator from Utah whether the telephone companyhas offered him the kind of proposal that it has offered me?"Has the Senator had proposals made to him that he could own a telephonebuilding in his state and that the telephone company would make the loanand endorse the loan to build a building ina biz city in his state juston the assurance that the Senator would sive sympathetic considerationto the company's problem, if he would ss alongs with them, and that thecompany would then build the building and endorse the mortsase loanand enzaze the bank to make the loan with the probability that he wouldwind up eventually being worth $5 million or $25 million?Has my .;90dfriend ever heard the sayins, ‘Keep the price as high as the traffic will _)bear?"."Did it ever occur to the Senator that he misht be one of the onlymembers of Conzress who has never had the opportunity to own a tele-phone building?",~Senator Russell Lonz, on the floor of the Senate.Friends, are you disillusioned with the System? Beat it.Published for informational purposes only by the Technological American Party.If a thousand men were not to paytheir tax bill this year, TO ethat would not be a violent and bloody 3measure as it would be to pay themand enable the State to commit violenceand shed innocent blood.MERRY DAVID THOREAU