THE YOUTH INTERNATIONAL PARTY LINE 
MARCH-APRIL 
1873 
AMMO 
Glancing through the back issues of the NY TIMES 
from January 1971 to the present has unearthed 
enough worms in Ma Bell's earth to plant a million 
seeds of rebellion. Among tke strong points in favor 
of our arguments that Ma Bell bas been a major force 
in moving this country towards inflation is the fact 
that AT&T deceided to raise the rates for TV program 
transmission. The rate increase affected all the TV 
networks, The rise in rates was passed on by the 
network corporations to the station's commerical 
sponsors. In many cases the sponsors passed the rate 
increase on to the consumers. Not only did commerical 
time cost more, but there was also a noticable increase 
in the amount of commericals on the network programs. 
FTC commissioner Jones replied, "TV commericals 
tend to suggest that use of the advertised product will 
solve listeners problems and fulfill their ambitions. I 
see no need to regulate. 
".:. 
Question of the month, has 
AT&T collected that 1.15 million dollar pbone bill owed 
‘by the Democratic party since the 1968 convention?... 
The following are phone facts as reported to the NY TIMES 
.». Directory assistance service in 1970 reached 497 
million, estimates for 1980 are placed at 840 million... 
Did you know that Ma Bell will soon be charging by the 
message unit all calls placed to information ? AT&T 
now says the reason for charging for info calls is to 
drop the work force by 8% (about 8000 people) to meet 
the rising costs (sicl)... J. Billingsley, a Bell rep, 
says the phone company is not hiring to reduce the 
work force...AT&T spent 7.6 Billion dollars on new 
facilities in 1972... 
Last year the NYC PSC ordered NY 
TEL to pay 1,50 monthly rebate to worst service. The 
company estimated total rebate paid at 15 million annually. ..- 
FTC study of America's 20 largest cities finds service in 
Bklyn ranking LAST!...NY TEL, otherwise known as 
NY MA BELL, holds 23 million dollars in deposits for its 
customers, yet only has 20 million in debts. This practice 
goes on in many places around the country...and there has 
been a growing number of complaints againist the high 
deposit rates, ..A US Senate sub-committee on intergov't 
relations reported that the Pentagon was willing to provide 
auditors needed by the FCC to carry out its investigation of 
AT&T rate structures. It seems that every Hime there is 
going to be a rate increase the FCC turns its back and uses 
the excuse that they do not have sufficient money and manpower 
to investigate. (It's rapidly becoming a trite cliche)...Now, a 
few months later we pick up the NY TIMES and read a article 
dated July 22, which states that the Pentagon's telephone bill 
went up by 4.7 million dollars a year. The Chesapeake and 
Potomac Telephone Kompany won the increase Nov. 17 from 
the Virginia CC, but federal officals obtained a restraining 
order preventing it from taking effect. The federals argued 
that the rate increase violated the supremacy clause 
of the United States Constitution. However, the 
panel ruled that the supremacy clause was not violated 
‘because there was no evidence that the state of 
Virginia was attempting to restrict the operations of 
the Federal gov't. The Pentagon, which is situated in 
Virginia across the Potomac River from Washington 
now must pay a long distance rate for all calls going 
into the capital. - 
4 
Ny 
£ 
aN 
no.17 
v 
DON’T GET BUSTED! 
Phone phreaking, perhaps more than any other pastime, 
requires a great deal of savoir faire. If you want to be 
free to phreak, you have to know how to watch your step. 
‘There is a definite art to speaking on the telephone. For 
example: it simply isn't cool to call up a friend and speak 
openly about illegal activities. The chancés of a phreak's 
call being tapped are significant, and your friend won't 
appreciate it either. Wait for operators to click off before 
‘peeping. “Other common sense rules include not 
giving out the names and numbers of other phreaks 
or those places where phone phreaks hang out or 
buy their equipment. Listen always for the operator 
to click off, and even then never assume the line is 
completely cool. Also remember short frequent calls 
are more effective than long calls. The fewer times 
you continue to use the Same phone location the cooler it 
is also. 
Many of the phone phreaks whom we know have been 
dusted have known common sense rules in general, but 
trusted too many people into their confidence. As a rule 
never let too many people know you are a phone phreak; 
informing by others is the most common bust. Sometimes 
these informants turn out to be "friends", If you suspect 
someone is going to bust you stop phreaking for a while. - 
This goes for any suspicions you might have. If you feel 
heat merely stop phreaking or find a totally new location. 
If you are approached by Ma Bell just say, "I want to 
talk to my lawyer first." That's all! You do not have to 
say anything without a.lawyer. Find a lawyer you can relate 
to; it is not to advisable to rap with an ex-DA, 
Remember above all that using your home phone for 
blue boxes is the easiest way to bave Ma Bell come Imocking 
at your door. Play it cool, and don't pay. 
‘The People's Bicentennial Commission is a group 
working towards a Bicentennial celebration that is 
not the Corporate sales ripoff or the Pro-Adminis- 
tration indoctrination that the American Legion and 
the White House are attempting to put over on us. 
Rather, PBC is pushing for a nationwide education 
on what the values of the American Revolution and 
the Constitution really were, and how they've been lost. 
Write to them at 1346 Connecticut Ave. NW, Wash. , 
dc. 20036, Tell ‘em Tommy Jefferson sent you.
RED BOX PHREAKS!I 
GREETINGS 
On the single-slot coin phones I have frequently been 
able to yet a dial tone by putting in a nickel and giving 
the hookswitch a short tap (this takes practice). The 
dial won't work, though, so you will have to tap out 
211 to get the operator. 
1 have built a red box using an oscillator, a telephone 
earpiece, and an AE phone dial. The shorting contacts 
of the dial are used to turn on the oscillator when the 
dial is off normal, and the break contacts are used to 
short out the output of the oscillater except during the 
tone pulses. Nickel, dime, and quarter sounds are 
made by dialing 1,2, and 5 respectively. (although 
- 
_ #6 seems to sound better as a quarter). 
On my phone line whenever you dial a toll call 
(including 800 and info), the polarity of the line is 
reversed for about a second. If a diode is wired into the 
line so that it conducts only when the polarity is normal, 
the phone will be electrically hung up whenever a long 
distance call is made & can be used like a "dial-lock" 
but this device is foolproof (but only for long distance), 
-H.G, NY- 
ORMALLY-O PEN 
‘Wiat Conracts 
NORMALLY-CLOSED 
BIAL CONTACTS 
+ 
jour 
our 
Just THink WHAT 6 
yoy coutd 00 
STORY & 
if you owNED 
WIRES CIRCLING 
THE 
TELEPHONE: 
EARPIECE 
ENTIRE Planet ! 
ee, 
ED. NOTE: For those of you who want to make a 
Simple and reliable red box, we show a schematic 
of an oscillator and amplifier and telephone dial, 
It is basically the same as last montis red box, 
except that a telephone dial replaces the flip-flop 
and timer, thus mechanically producing the tones, 
All resistors are half watt 10%. Transistor is 
2N2222, SK3020 or Hep 54. 30K trimmer is used 
to adjust frequencies to match that of a pay phone. 
Remember, pay phone tones are best heard on 
another phone that has called the pay phone. 
When listening to an actual pay phone, keep in 
mind that a quarter produces faster beeps than 
° 
a nickel or dime, Adjust the speed of the dial to 
Produce accurate nickels or dimes. Then simply 
force dial to return faster for the quarter (it takes 
a little practice). If you don't know how to adjust 
the speed of the dial here's how it's done: on the back 
of the dial is a governor which looks like a disc brake. 
The semi-circular brake shoes slow down the dial 
when not held in tightly by the spring. Tighten the 
spring for faster dial return. This is tricky on the 
enclosed governors, but it can be done. 
Our Red Box circuit of last month isn't perfect, and 
we've got a few improvements, First, change the value 
of the 2.2K flip-flop resistors to 10K ohms. This will 
cut down your battery drain to less than 4 milliamps. 
Secondly, if you're getting strange extra pulses when 
you continue holding a button down, try putting a 25 mfd. 
capacitor right across the battery. 
Finally, if you experience incomplete turn-on or turn-
off of the tones, change the 22K timer output resistor to 
4aTK, 
If you want to build a red box but don't know how, YIPI
will publish next morith instructions for recording the 
tones perfectly on a cassette tape recorder. Any inexpen
sive unit will work, but it's easiest to use a cassette wit
manual recording level controls.
BUILD A LINE RELAY 
5 mfd. 
R 
To RED AND GREEN 
PHONE LINE WIRES 
‘The Line Relay is a simple yet interesting device you 
can put on your phone line. It will do almost anything 
you want when your phone rings, such as turn ona 
light, answer the phone, turn off your stereo, etc, 
We will show some extension projects in future issues. 
‘The phone ringing is 90 volts AC , often superimpos- 
ed on 
45 volts DC, This 90 volts 
will operate 
a 115 V 
AC relay, which can in turn supply power from the 
power lines to any ordinary appliance. The relay is 
commonly available. However, a capacitor is needed 
to DC isolate the relay coil from phone line. Without 
DEAR YIPL 
On the new type pay phones (single slot) you can 
make a local 10 cent call for a nickel! Just when it's 
about to hit the triggering mechanism bang on the 
dial then bang it a few more times 
than tap the 
reciever button till you get your dial tone. When you 
hear the dial tone the dial will not react to it so dial 
by hitting the reciever button. For example, if the 
number is 648-6003 tap the button 6 times-4 times-8 
times and so on waiting a few seconds between each 
number. You can also get the number by tapping it 
10 times for Operator, in some areas-you can get the 
Operator by tapping out 211, 
. 
-P, R. BROOKLYN- 
Just THink WHAT You couLo 
Do iF you were Evernywnene! 
WO 
dy 
CONTINUED NEXT 
H! 
400V 
CAPACITOR 
TO WALL 
SOCKET 
it the relay will draw a dial tone even with the phone 
on-hook, The capacitor should be non-electrolytic, 
and as many microfarads as possible; 5 should do 
nicely, 
ced contacts of the relay can operate any circuit 
you want. The diagram shows how the normally- 
open and the normally-closed contacts can be used 
to light Lamp B and extinguish(a good word to know) 
Lamp A when the phone rings. In order to prevent 
the relay from "chattering" (vibrating rapidly up & 
down) you can loosen the relay spring slightly or 
increase the size of the capacitor. 
DEAR YIPL 
The call back no. in Chicago is 571-6, its the only 
Imown no, in existence. Also some new loop nos, 
work on the supervised-unsupervised method. The 
last four digits are 9973-74. Any exc. between 
271 and 973 are effective. For those that care, here 
are some switchman nos, (all of this is Chi-town) 
ED4-9952, LA5-9952. Just screw around with the 
- exchanges and use 9952, and your bound to come up 
with a switchman somewhere in this city. 
Also for those who might like to know,a majority of 
the system here works on cross 1 paneling. I'm sorry 
at the passing of the party in N. Y., back 
in January. 
I know, I hung on the night they fucked around with the 
volume. But no need to worry, I'm in the process of 
establishing a party line in Chicagol 
-B from CHICAGO- 
Also: the telephone co. news wire service no, printed 
in issue no. 16 is not free, Here's one in Cl 
though that is. (312) 368-8000. Listen in on the Bullshit, 
SUGGESTION: 
There is one F, F, who has modified a card dialer 
to send out mf and it sounds fantastic. Can you 
find out the plans for this modification? 
T would like to see a circuit for an automatic 
Sending blue box that can be programmed and then 
at the press of 
a button will send mf at exactly the 
correct speed and for the proper duration with a 
f-—~ programmed wait for overseas sender. 
-ANYWHERE USA- 
DEAR YIPL 
In the Boulder, Colorado and Denver area dial free 
1-200-555-1212 to hear the telephone computer rélate 
your phone number, It could be useful for, tapping 
lines, 
-AC COLORADO-.
- Dear YIPL, 
I have found out one way to make all the long-distance 
calls you want from your or your friend's home phone, 
provided it's not bugged. The desired number is dialed 
direct. As soon as you hear a click, push down the hang 
up button several times very quickly for a second or two. 
An operator should come on the. line shortly because ap- 
parently by pushing the button you mess up the equipment 
that is trying to identify your line. Give the operator a 
number other than your own, but with the same prefix. 
It is best to use a number that's not in service or of a pay 
Phone so the phone co. won't try to find out who called 
the number. I tried in Houston, but it didn't work. If it 
works in your locality-then great! Use it to make long 
800 and information calls appear on other people's 
records, too. Keep up the great work, 
-SW TEXAS- 
In August of 1970 I called up information and got a man 
on the line, He said he was information 
and after a while 
I got him to tell 
me how he got 
on the line. 
He told me all you have to do is call 411, wait 
for the 
assistant to hang up, and just hold on to the line. Well, 
I did this and to my surprise people would come on the 
line asking for information. The line would be complete- 
ly silent between callers and I wouldn't have to hang up. 
There was just a click and I knew someone else was. 
on the line. I did this for 3 days. After that, since 
1970 I haven't been able to do it, If anyone knows of 
this happening, I hope they can tell me how it can 
be done now. 
Also, during the same time period, I used to dial 
830-7267 and the line was dead. Once in a while I 
would hear two people then talk to each other. Any 
more numbers that do that anymore? 
-S, BKLN, N.Y. - 
DEAR YIPL 
I was reading 
your article on the T network for 
Pay stations, You can also place free local 
calls from a prepay station by lifting the receiver 
and grounding one side of the line. It operates the 
coin relay allowing you to dial out. 
BACK ISSUES-50¢ 
1- Extensions, conference switches 
2- Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripoffs 
3- Telecommand Story 
4- Pay Phone Issue 
= Hine Box 3 > Now obsolete(Issue 12) 
‘T- Tuning your organ 
8- Credit card calls and 1972 code 
5 Super Duper Project,(See issue 11) 
10- 
11-Receiving long distance calls free 
12-Blue Box Plans 
7 
13-International Calls 
& Box Plans 
1 
14-International Calls & AT&T Papers 
15-1973 Credit Code, T Network 
16-Red Box Plans 
FACT SHEETS-25¢ 
How not to get caught making credit calis 
Receiving long distance calls Free(Issue 11) 
ANTI-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/$3. 00 
DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE-Free, just 
send as much info as you want back ina 
stamped, self-addressed envelope. 
Renew if your address has a 8_or less 
on it. 
YIPL, Room418,/152 W. 42 St.,N.¥.,N. Y. 10036 
Mailing address" ‘only, don't send cash, PLEASE! 
Dear YIPL- 
Here is some info you might be interested in: 
L.A, TEST NUMBERS (213) 
. 
Reverse Battery Test Prefix-1-Prefix(ex: 555-1-555) 
1000 cps Tone Prefix+0002(ex:XXX-0002) 
Ascending Tone(No charge) 651-0003, 277-9291, 783-0001 
Pacific Telephone Inter-Com: 
Numbers. 
Switchroom XXX+0000 
Tour Office- 621-1779 
Frames XXX+0005 
Newsline - 621-4141 
Hollywood Verifying 467-1111 
Beverly Hills, Culver City Verifying 837-1111 
Santa Monica 394-1111 (No Charge) 
Long Distance Test Board 624-9131 
L.A, Trouble Report Center for broken cables 620-5700 
Television Control Room(NBC, ABC, CBS) 629-6458 
For people theat call radio stations(for contests and 
request lines) that bave 520 (Prefix) numbers and have 
problems getting through. Put the "900" area before 
the number(ex: 900-520-XXXxX) for people out of L. 
A. 
‘This 
is a way to call the station 
for FREE, 
- POPULAR L,A, TELEPHONE RECORDINGS 
ZZZZ2ZZ- 836-5566 
RECCO- 836-2125 
"TT"- 391-1111 
"R= 454-1904 
986-9800- Supsr Fone 
~B. LOS ANGELES- 
DEAR YIPL 
While living at an Indian Reservation I learned 
an old Apache phone phreak technique. Simply 
take a penny and rub it down to the size of a dime. 
‘The pavement works well. 
-JK ARIZONE- 
DEAR YIPL, 
Take some plaster of paris and drop a quarter into 
it. Let it harden, and then very gently take out the 
quarter. You should have a smooth and accurate mold, 
Now fill with water and put into the freezer compart- 
ment of your refrigerator. When the water freezes 
you have a piece of ice you can use in all sorts of 
machines. Sorhetimes foil or other insulator is used 
to make 
it easy to pull out the ice. 
-BB MISSISSIPFI- 
Published for informational purposes only by The Youth International Party Line.