Naked came the crookA wade men whecamein from the cold tsred a genstation carlyyesterday had 2 decided advantage, potice anid The attendant was .female. She fied, paving the warmed mam free to axxpty theconhregister, then stroll casually Erem the scene of the crime.FREEBASING COCAINE by pr. AtomicFreebasing cocaine is basically a Californiaphenomenon, but it's a practice that is popular‘with entertainers and with others who can affordto indulge in the pleasures of cocaine. Freebasecocaine is smoked in a special, glass water pipecalled a freebase pipe, and after taking a toxethe onset of the high is quick: it comes on fasterthan snorting and almost as quick as an i.v. injec~tion -- it's like injecting cocaine without usinganeedle. After inhaling the freebase cocaine va-pors, your hearing drops, and you get an incrediblerush even before enough time passes to exhale thesmoke. Unfortunately, the rush and the high don'tlast long, and the desire to smoke some more coke{is compulsive. In fact, it is so compulsive thatpeople who hang around the freebase pipe, inpa~tiently waiting to get another toke, are known inthe vernacular as "freebase vultures". But beforethe cocaine can be smoked, it must first be pre-pared,The cocaine purchased on the street is vau-—ally cocaine hydrochloride (HCl), a water solublegalt of cocaine that is suitable for snorting orinjecting, but not for smoking. Cocaine HCl burnsat a high temperature, about 200°C, and if it'ssmoked, much of the cocaine gets carbonized, burnedup, instead of reaching your lungs as vapors. But,by changing the cocaine HCl to cocaine freebase,you get more Of the desired cocaine vapors and lesscarbon because the freebase vaporizes at a much low-er temperature than the cocaine KCl does.All it takes to change the cocaine HCl intococaine freebase is a little home chemistry. It'seasy: if you can bake brownies by following a cookbook, you can freebase coke. The only suppliesneeded are some inexpensive chemicals and equipmentthat are easily obtainable at your local parapher-nalia shop.Equipment and Supplies1 freebase water pipe, glass2 screens, fine mesh, for pipe1 glass freebase vial, 1 oz, with top]1 mirror1 single edge razor bDiade1 box baking soda1 bottle of petroleum ether or ethyl ether?1 book matches or butane lighterROTE 1: Ethyl ether and petroleum ether will dis-solve many plastics, so the tops of freebase vialsaxe specially made of ether resistant plastic.ROTE 2: Use caution when handling ether. Thevapors of both ethyl ether and petroleum ether willignite explosively near an open flame. Make surethat the room is well ventilated when extractingwith ether. When freebasing in the kitchen, makesure the pilot lights are out om the stove and thehot water heater if they are nearby. Also, don'tsmoke or light matches while there are still fumesin the air.The Freebase Process1) To al of glass freebase vial, add 4ml to 6m1of warm water. Leas than 1/4 of the vial is morethan sufficient water.2) Dissolve 1/4 to 1/2 gram of cocaine HCl in thewater to maxe e cocaine solution, Shake or atirif necessary to dissolve the cocaine,3) Add about 1/4 gram, more or less, of bakingsoda to the cocaine HC) solution. It is better tohave an excess of baking soda than not enough,Next, shake well, This changes the cocaine HCl tothe freebase.4) Using a glass eyedropper, add 2ml to 3m ofether, Shake well. The ether extracts the free—base cocaine from the water layer. As a rule ofthumb, use half as much ether as water. Sinceether and water do not form a solution, the etherwill rise to the top and form a distinct layer.
Oe.
}ORYTAP etRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036 No. 70
\ s\.--=-7%Ju —= Ether resistant cap— 1SVA ee 4wy “%ey{----~---- Ether layer < >= 04----~—-~ -- Water layer4G THeBecause the cocaine freebase is more soluble inether than in water, the ether layer will containmost of the freebase: in effect, the ether has ex-tracted the freebase cocaine from the water layer,This first ether extraction is known as the "firstwash", The water layer can be washed one or twomore times with ether to extract the small amountof freebase remaining after the first wash.5) Siphon off the ether layer with the eyedropper,making sure not to take any of the water layer.Drop the freebase saturated ether carefully onto aclean mirror or glass surface, When the etherevaporates, a white powder should remain: this isthe cocaine freebase, and it's ready to smoke. Sowhat are you waiting for?The freebasing process removes some of thewater soluble contaminants (cuts) like mannitol andlactose, so the yeild, i.e. the weight of the cocaine freebase obtained will weigh less than thecut-—coke that was started with; however, no sig-nificant amount of cocaine is lost: only the cutis removed. Thus, a gram of cocaine BC) that isonly 25% pure is not a gram of cocaine but a 1/64gram of cocaing, and the yeild of freebase cocaine,for this particular sample, will be slightly lessthan 1/4 gram,The cocaine freebase, however, is nearly pure,compared to the starting material, and a smallerdosc of the freebase will be just as potent as alarger amount of the cut cocaine. So, start with@ smell hit, a match size line or leas (20mg to50mg). Remember, just like enorting or injecting,you can consume too much by smoking. Be carefulhow much you smoke, and be careful, too, for ppliceand informers: cocaine is still illegal, Have funween your chemistry projects, stay high, and stayree,Man nabbed in phone fraud
Tegetertelephone: 1; cquéprotnt.TarkeaheaeSingh, 580018) vot Cotto teevanlHere kegs enPlace,is was ireedon hisownrecugni- ln addition Lo the“bi ben" te aller be wasarrested yert galery cemiiscateda schematic Veelgeerdayis a podlic phome boolh at a Rovie )§Detective Denaldsore.Geparimen : been are tsSiogh by on acqoniotaa’Singh was chargedwith possession of “These electronicdevicesmre@ Cv& burglary teel, the “bh. > and we the teethar of G000worth ef pers1o0dtrom pany Wiunoehweld “opto

bw { RS wie @ ate 1 ° (4 (CEBit‘ BuBf Ti5 ar
fat 3
Lo cad pre
a_4
an |,pie ye | “eshine =e3 vite - eae]wt__.LEE § <2fabnQO—<TO PHONE LINE @t (IK)cl neSj—__—
oOoiSoy A% |a {:= » “Ml = TIMER MOTOR Swia - 4SwibdbOme 4Dear TAP Ti 110 VACIn reapanse to several nlieas from your sub, enclosed13 some cachnaical dara on rhe Pacifte Telanhones 10 Fasacdena,On Hook: 45 VNCOff Hook: 7.5 vnc g 60 wa Imane topuc cee: 200 chesRinas ancox 50 VAC (My cheap tulti-meter dosen't read AC mils)Tl (mic button) reas: 600 otrsUJ leac piace) Tew: 20 ohms (leads feeling earpiece show AO onmeactnss thea)Ringer cobl rea: aprox Kona. Only one coll.Rina Back ¢ 4105-6, (Prefix)-1l-(Preftx) pets a weird "ticky-Cock"sounds (Prefix)-0002 2ers a nice 1000 cps rones (Prafix)-1118mats a real low rones (Orefix)-QUOO meta a central officerecordings which includes the unlisted pnone number for che office(in chia case §76-6919)1Whac wes supnoosed ra be the verifying number (Prafix)-LI11, geta the“Aor tn saetviceTM recording: (Preflx)-000) gzers che refera)operator: (Preftx)-0119 Ls a private party's home fone;l'm crying ro come up with a destan for a “Dial chrough CheeseDox" *::rt ov. a aimick, bur the Dest I've Deen able to come up with1B encinsed, but it's nor what I want. I could do it if we hadT-T phone Mereaboucs, but we're stuck with tapulse dials. Dract.Ary \rleaglDO- (7T- YOURSELF CALL FORWARPIAG DEVICEMATERIALS»Cl» |. OnafAa @ 400 VN’RLl= A4P.NT Relav, LIS vac cathThe Audio tsolatinn x«afnemer, anraox 600 ofme Laned,100 rn 200 ors NC Rea.Mie Yiner wror, 115 VAC 60 CPSSWlee Firsr secrion of rimer swircn, sec for anrnx 3 minelased, 10 sac. onen (due co cireutt configuration,timer will salf-intex to “onen" posttion of chis switch).SWib= Second secrinn of rimer awitcn, ser for minimuspossibdie durarion "on", Indexed to close after Swlahas come out of derent, hia is the cririca actor inchoosine the tyne of timer. "on" duration sust de iseschan time required for “name caller" to Finish dialing,ATMITIOXKAL ITEM REQUIRED, BUT NOT SHOWN:1, #@. Darrtery powered “heme Caller" dialing machineof equiv.MOTE: Ovec-ritte disconnect switen (Tone Sens. Relay!) way beconnected at point xt-x,.
Calling his buffo
\AP) — Whee de you say © 2 nohed
_ “TO PHONE LINE @2 (ouT GUIKG)
wep 6) “RAME CALLER” DJALIAG COATACTS
Jail phone line busyDELAND, Fla. — A delendantmamally gets %take one iresphoneCall, but ler a iow nenntes of Be VetaCounty JailiesAptelad SteleAterasy MeraceSmuth.The menniesGhargad theoul be takecreditcardsof te laiephans sumnbers of mwenpectinga1! Cilieans ta thisContra! Florida esty, bu nid.Threesumaden have* pees lewdguaity of chetgas in Compectieg withLhe laiephene cans,end ures sthereareewedting irini.Sameth abd.TO "NAME CALI-ERTM START SWITCH
}If(i4+I, tHfF itfiidi
aT HST HialyHHttteti tiie,tHe iti l
spacial w me. Spoken words iritemitied py slerarvulsdevieve mary 04 npectal bo ether peeps. Theabsurdity thalintriguesbe ocximthe adverviaing or even ia the Concept ofthe telapiane of a5 tartensionsof the mesweuth nedene.Hare's the sheurdiry:tz Its ever-Giligent Gyteruiantienexpand service, tb6totephvas bas upased}5 newPhone Centers nroutd thesing thgpast |} menshear

had not yet fouad out how [os obfCme OFWrong line, indeed reeerpuleltdata + iheComputer.TEMPLE, Tenes(AP) — |!you're sae af thanepeo- Soha Petre sayt one af the pranksters’tickswheabvxy?seem to becought athe Llewest-mermg = ‘is 10 place a call 10 Company A's remote Bt-Computer ‘erases’ phonesat (hebean. ponSught waterviand the preicenem€ ce From Company A's tyfiem, they thee collbean cornedcutever ="Seui-beresterfeudtementl in Company 4's remote acer: then call fromCased 2 belal MmucaLleds.tod radas ihe The tridewsaggedup 5 0 tolierai theFirstNotionEisen vasaeeecompen en’ suacty bows hema tor thewhores al Bana of Tompée and Ios ghePll binnoek «60COTMDamy B 10 Corapany C: ten call fromAll B43 tebmpivemast 81 the Camaty cyue- be ramearenervics. wah eney Coeapaay C back again [0 Company A andplexwast évedshortiy batere || 30 om retentmy, Une 1 wert ~Giee autthe mowry, ties 2 stehag.” eenermad = finely 10 a non-seiensisagTimeand Tempernunreween a mumerybeard mihe heave exthor wasted wawl Lhe masveld Cloutase Holder mamber (tal, ofcourse, willneverhang up.Byrmscan reomnNaatoe a oe wereaperanve. or opted ww heel <be Beiéerbarely plenced ol ibe canesbag at ber don , ; * ofames Dalamry, @recterof camral ween varus fleers or busting: a 20 crumtey. lastend, the \edier, whem beak vice president Ra thet on 3 Piickay everang (pone of the cOTM-services. " eter’ts mnintiet tomemeceticeswell 2=—s Seam:Forreséeecribhed mm end quch-we |= PAmertDeiag aware Of it wail) Monday mormena),Datenay criticelcammty epare- = ths yum Was ropenredpost attenJpw. pent." inforumedthesaat thetbewad iy the entire systemsfor many hours ofond = u Shsdwurend bum tssumed in a teeaoreea the Orie chugs *ABUSE OF REMOTE ACCESS SYSTEMST can Petrehasa problem. Fetne (por bus seal name)isiheCOMmuNnICAIONS manager fOr a med ize compsay IA the TACOMA —The Arey meneMidwest. His company has instaiied a long driiaace control syficm (a —montor utage and ge: better uibdizairon cf fomg cesiamce facihiiet,Because ihe company hasalarge numberof people Iraveiimg. remote Gingad, iong-ditehntécalla arOneaccess [0 the company's long distzace faciatics was mstalied toreduce the nucaberof cred card calls. A dries of inuard WATS re Republoves are connecied to the long distamce Comrol system mM head- tharped the $1.35 CSA to tnequarters. When (ravcling, company (cpfesenlative: caa Lumpy dial Aattierhagtum oilingtrouan ''RO0"’ number and then their periomal authorization code LO get pay belegheeyon Fort Lewtsaccess 10 Ine company's lomg distance Jacilitseswecluding (ol aad out- phoneeutmdédetheHewerdward WATS. SLemen Restemrast i Troson,: WJ. andbee buen chargTherewrote access sysiem seermed 10 be working great. Credatcard calls 05 0 Manderon thecals had deca allbul chmineted and ike overall com hadDeen reduc- Wormsyet, saysBl aed.Thenabout 111months ago, Pewrie wasin ihe ands:of domg the ruees calls tremGetmicdmonthly diiling of calls 10 auc users when he noticed [RAL are billedte the semeomepersonhad bernmaking a large number of BOO nwrnbcr calla via “Oreinertly —_inc remove access. Petrie though! 10 honself, ''Thts guy's got lo be a gues Brown OtFon tnstwosd fool to dial ovr 800aumber io place a free 800 nussbercail!’*When questioned aboe: thecalls, the mandomed making aay remoteaccesscals miall that monkTotally confused a this pois!, Petric called several of rhe 500pumbersksied on the billing ceport. In every case, when ihecall wasanswered, the familiar tomes iIndicaling crirance [0 a remote BCCRSSsystemswereheard. A phone freak clearty wes at work! vePetne immediaictychangedall codes,pauscsaadmethodsof gaswung access (0 the cOntpaRy’stytiem. Tha might. the mystenous caller ined 60ureesbefore ke [imaliy figured out (Re GEw proceduresaad codes. Peingmade another majorChange,buc thecaller cracked thetm adouc2eves,anc thenplaced a call lo Germany. Petreremoved iniernsuosal dialing fromihe sytternand called the telephome company ‘Curitydepertrarm.Mranswhile,he decidedio have some fuabycalling the 800 numbers on the belling report,comtactiang euch company’s seiichboardopersior andashing tO be Coanecied [0 the com.muncaions manager. According (0 Petne,The moments of idence were deafcming when |told these miamager: how | had rrached them.''After about a week, ihe ici¢phome companysoCurMy people showed up aad afier reviewingibe documesialon were armmazed, They traced aliof ihe called numbers, aadcaste up with nothingbut remote access durebert, ''Mcet-me'” con.ference numbers and tervaces such as Time andTempetslureia apstate Michagas. They did therrber: 10 trace calleback 10 the onginwtingBemoer, AG came up with cals from CahlorneaOut of anciherCOrspany's rexrmoteaccess 1y3tem.Petrie says (Ret (0 date bis Company has beenhei with abou 6.000 fraudulent cals, whech coxabout $10 sa how. "Even with all ikis.'” hesays, “'] doa'l feel we look 100 bad compared [0compaaes[heow who havebeen het forwn cx-cess Of $2,500 a month on imernatonal callyalone. Heteers (0 take grea deleghi in callingHertz Rem-A-Car on Guam.”’Joha Peine’s problemisact unique. An informalcarvey BY BCH reveads that « auader cflarge companies,akhough byaowieansall, havehad some type ofa proOdtem with waasihonzedwie of remote access facsetecs. [aderd, af beaslone large consuliieg firmhasbeen pmvesiiga.ingLbs prowlern for severedchemi.The difficwky im petong accesa lO &company's long disience facdines via remote ac-cess vanes comuderably, The system used byPeine’'s company od one of ike more di(ficuk tocrack :m@ (AS itPe@eeres knowing (he properm-ward WATS mumberpiss a vabd authorizationcode. The tysxem used in AT&T's DisenaonPBX may be less secure wtchad there 4 OneCom-anonaccesscode for everyone. in some systems,mo accraof ButhorizalionCode alallis requ cd.Simply Goalag i Re tpectallocal or mwand WATSpumbergives the callerimmmedii¢ access (0 (helemg disinnce feccties. The cormmuntcaucas
3FEmanager Of one large companyOfpanizaiion once wied mward WATS (o accesslong durance facies lhrough a Cemiren tystemwithoa aay resincuon. A caller pepler Gsicd'“@° aad gotaccets in ithe world. la One moaththere was $5,008 (0 £6,000 m unauthorized callslo desiiasuons sch a Israel. Hong Kong aadPortueal. Belaledty, inc company changed iheSySLETR IO FesLNCt femmowe access Calla lo Lhe compery': tie ar network.A coasaiam who has iudicd the problembelievesthalmot adute of remo Booes to longdiitasce facies involves insert oF other per-rons «closely asiocwed with ihe company.Often. & & a cuMOmer oF a LUppher who[ndsOu BOw (0 whe [he remote access. Someries Wortyust the difficuly ta keeping authaorizanon codesfroma decommng COmmOn knowledge wollen afOrgumiiation. One company the consulisarecalls was uung MCl Execunetséfuice. Bid theaulhorizanoncode was iupposed (o be knownby only a smal! group of persons. Eventually,2became known Dy a very large group. ‘‘! don'tknow how muchsecurity you can really pal ino,’’ Use conssuliaat says, “because once you trilthe secTrianesand(hry have ico write memos[0soracoene clee, os very hard Jo clamp downonnw.”One of thecouairy’s largetimanufacturingfieres uses an Operzior-comroted tyviem iAwhich somconecalling from outwde wanimg LOuse the long diviance [aciinien raesigive theoperator a fous characier code. Thecomenesiaca-lioasmanager old BCA that while abuse # *‘ nota gmficam prodiem for vi, we kaow that ihereate people using the network whe are notauthorizedto dom. Some of ihrem are(rtirecsfrom tc company who have been astound lor &white and know the score, With [0,000auihorizaiioncodes. ii aod[00 dxfficuk to find& g0od one.”"lt appeart (hat mostcasex Of abuseare ikeresult of pcople wanting [¢ make free telephonecalls. Buitherealso seems 10 be an ciemewi ofprank srerism involwed. Owc company m the. located news a large wmverniy,foundibeyhed a tot of omisedertaccesamg thericiephonesystem.Suspecting univerety ctudents,(hey gotpercession (oO pnazait « call dala recorderomihemamvetversay Ceatrez system. The dete theycollected confirmed that the mudents were, i-deed, hiving up to thew reputationfor techaicalwizardry. hed noionly foundowthow foaccess ihe Com@any's long distance faciilies, busig COenpeter syntem as well, Fortuanitty,Lacy
How eaty u kt to fied a» remote accessmurmder? If you Nave 10Gb AusoCisIIUN wuh acompany thal had one OF with ihe iciephonecompany, the answer 4 probably: pot too hard.But if you have no imide mdlormanen, the dif-fiewly ts wrech greaier,Tofad ow how hard W mightbe for an ow-sades. we decided10 becomeaphone fread, aadIry to findanwuard WATShae comeccted 10 4rewooee meiras. ATAT says thal there ere about40,000 inecrstaac saeard WATS hacs. of whichaboul onc-half have ualisied numbers.Presumebt,,2 sslpercentage of these wa hsiedmerabers are for remote actetse. Ow eupenencemwegectis lbcy are 20d casy to find.KRowing ROihing BBOul how ibe icicphoascompany aisigns meards WATS sumbers, weOtysd by Consulting a reeduy gvariebirdarcctaryof litedB00numbers +o ice if iherewasanypal-len (0 how suender aresigued. Our asemep-hom was thet usksied musedberswould follow theMametpeticrna)ksicd susebers, af miswcAplicghaltecme(0 de irne.Ir appears from ihe directory that 805muenden:dohave some paticrn: theslhe digols emUke .cxchengr code vary with Ihe geographicalarea. WATS hacs mm New York, for exarepete,have exchange Codes iAal Beginwith a AfferentGogh than WATS hac:in Cahforaea.(We deduc:ed ihe localion from the fact thar the kinagseedIRhal (he meander was goodaaywhere cacept NewYorkor except Cabfornn.)K sowing that 2 lot of company beadquarkrsare lotated wa New York. we seclecirdsome ex-change codecs iheluppesr (0 be used very [re-quently ie New York. We dialed these codeswith varying combinavonsof Ihe las fourdogs.Altergeiung (A¢ctamawers44d six recorded a=ROURCEMEBSsaying Ihcaumderwad £0 gOOd wmthe fwsi [en ines (One ausmber didpot saswer),we further smalyzed the digus aad dialedg006 nuseberiow of Ihe mex! 40,None of thesewambers, however, was copmected(eo remote Ic:com. After (hese 50 uncucernaiyld iempts, et§01bored andgave up, deciding wet wereRO Culoul (o be 2 phone freak. But had we moreBAOE OF An BMuOmnlic dialer, perhapspersever-evefiinally we wouldhave found a remoteaccorsytem, Of cowrw, rven of we bed,we wouk!beontyhalf way homme if theryuiem requared onEwthor.isu0n code.fh os thw Gifficelty in petimg through theHCUTHYy preceutions[hal makesmou obaervertbebeve abuse of remote accems resuls generallyfrom made mformaioa. For ike userberg het.Une dnuactiosmegh( seemacademx but W doesvegeen thal a company can cut its lossessaiiiamimilyby cOmcenifaliag onmore internalpecutnHy. The fotiowimg are some ceffeciremeasures:1. Require a properseihonzsuon code jaadditina10 ibe accessnaamber.2. Asgn remote access aulhonizatiogcodest© & Cummumnumber of people.1. Prowde caough degits1a the authorizationCode10 |hat yOu Serd aangh Only a smallperres-Ingeof rhemasumue sumberof coasbenslions.4. Change pulborization codes [requentty.$. Whes someone with a codeicaues iheCompany,reure ite code.6. if possible, install az tymem which (ellsyowif a senesOf snvabd codeshesbeendanied.7. Never give jaformatiog@n remot BCCEm{Oo someose you donoi kmiow. A while back. AAtachvides]pOong as at Acthom C ormuucalionSytiems cmploycewascalling WATSBOX weetsand asking for irmote secets numeri andTheseprecauuons showld suaimize abuseofPemote access, but they willnet chamimese N. ALk”Jona Petre, He bpeows.

How To Cheat Your Ass Off In SkoolY ry|ZS HAVE @NLy LE AAWED.BY SoPpy iveMAKING IT: Nice people just don't cheat. This is a fect of life. If you doeheat, you are most likely a rotten no good stinker with commis friends,8dirty underware and a host of scoial diseases, Thetry to ulscourage this type of behavior. It 4s both tacVvand unsophisti-cated. We suggest that instead, you follow the advice of our friends fromdake Over, in Madison Wis., by just forgetting the entire mess. Fuck Skool!Forgot cheating. Print up your own degrees instead and get on with living.( Borrow a friend's diplomas, putyour pame on ft aad make arupy gull~able for framing, Ycusignature from thodiploma, myi get a fucaimile whenthe new Presicent is named be willpers oc cw all hinds of ducuments.@ WM you have 2 Gemini{rierd, cettho [rier.J's tranver!pt and poi vournam~ at the tep--if ine friend has'adegree. Again, make a cepy.Or if you have beet here one temeater--and don’t rush, you have 4yeers to graduate he Take Over way-yuu Can get yusr own tranmacript andsimply fill M in withcourses mighthave been wive to take, Roduce-7erodfuser wor. to Lt the form,Comeniidatcd Campany ta Chicago.a Saturna Siiscreet) firm will #e)) you@ wen! thaltworks like 2 notary’s 1 aalhor the trznacrigt-~ yuu mest embossyour Het of coursesandgradestogtveat that efficta!l leek, You design theermixesing ser] yeurasifi pat Yourbirth sign tn the center ¥ you ’pome Latin om the outside, with thewords "University ef Wisconsin.” ForLatin ph: Bacs we wuggeet a Mttle Jok-inc, such as PECUNIA LOQU:TFAXING IT: It was the morning after. After that is,
(“Money take") or OSCULA ASQULA("Kies my msn”),@) Two-thirds graduated already,thank your bucky stars and proceedto the next part of your education:references. Chooses o¢ acquire threefrienda whe are crreful abut gettingthelr mall. Appoint them Deans orFacuity mesabers, depending on whatMattonery you can get or comtactsyoucan acquire. Have ilicm write glowingrecommendations for you, aad wheeyour [le le brid, pul ft In an employmal office, Some woploymcat off-feos, avch aa the Univerntty Preewent Burren, will farnish forms forrecommendatioan, #9 you won't haveto fet Uveatationery yourself,Aftcr yuur Ole ls pet in an employ—ment ofica, job offera will bs sant teyou, and, as you applyfor them,thecompanies may contact your referen-cea-—~ let them do tt b) mall aad yeuca write repiiesyouraelf.¥recd of the keeoranco aed crueltyof the Capricorns, you will have timeto learninetend ofjust becomingpase~ive. You can make life easter foryourself, too, by foNewing yeur ataron food starspaandwelfare. vr get
a pew mame by wr for the cupy ofa birth certificate someone yourown age who died young, With thiseertificate you'reomyourwayton@oclal securty card, drvier’sliac-ence, phones tn offer names, billsfalling forgotten tale shandonedmail—bones, ots,You can heve four years af Itfe,wot the Hivingdeath oferawling fromclass to class. aBet, some object, what aboutKaow!-edge?! The persca who has spenttime at theUniversitymyfestturnther ¢y@ up at suck a questing,hard-ly able to believe thatsomecne whecould think he/shewould leara any~thing of the alightest use while alt=ting in a lecture ja wo an extra-terrestrial alien. The knowlmigcablebelleve that Education, unt: the Dewfuence of Venus, ts nut at all toveely, Dwt & sort of veneres! dlartec, &cerebellic gangrene, for which titspaper may be weed as condom (moremundane disease prevention may beobtained wt the WSA pharmacy er theBlve Bus on Spring St. }SPECIAL Nore- Wwe NEED MUtHMACE 1 FO, PORA fAORE OFTAK EDCNEAT SHEET LATER ON - PLSGE SONDdragging myself fronths gutter in front of the Moonlight Bar to the back seat of my car. Abristly black beiry tarantula ran screaming from my mouth. Unknown sub-stenoes mingled with oigarette butts in my heir. 2 hed a pid-term exanin ancleut Chinese history in 2 hours. You could say thet I was unpre-peared. I ssked nyself, "What would Mao tse-fly do in a oase like this?”But the Red Guards were nowhere in sight. I was on my own. I entered theclass, paused and slowly labled my blue book #2. I took ny tine writinga single grandijoquent concluding paragraph and handed it in, The pro-fessor later spologized for losing my first blues book and gave ne a B.A cheat must always be resovrosful. 1)Change the answers on graded tests,Bring them back to the prof and say, "Hey, I hed this answer right”.2)Carry in completed blue books to the exam.s)At the end of the quarterprofessors leave graded tests and term papers in the halls for their stu-dents. Take the best onen and save them for future use.4)Kesep all testsand papers to use again and agein, use your friends'and visit freternityfiles.5)Remember to never put down what you plagiarized from as a source.Use master theses from other colleges, the papers kept by departments atother collexzes for the serious resesroher'and obscure books from otherlibraries.6)Despite propaganda, tarm paper companies are OK.TAKING IT: I know of one student who walked into the schvuol print shop es@Xenus were being run off, set down on a inked gally and walked of with aset of tests on his pants.l)Hribe or gst friens who can get tests, suchasjanitors and print shop workers. 2)Go through waste paper cans for copies.CRIBING IT: What I have come to call the “Ethiopian Shuffle"was given tomoby @creign exchange student and has proven#o be one of the best cribnotes in the buniness.Taking ea long narrow strip of paper that is foldedlike an accordion into a tiny book,you are able to write 10 times the e-mont of info that a normel orib sheet holds,It is then manipulated withthurb and forefinger.) }Magio shops have special) pencils which write in-visible notes thet cen bea seen with speciel glasses.2)Intelligence ist-ansritted to several cheaters through an elaborete signal system.Penpoint up is true, down is falae. In multiple choice, fingers et chinlevel mean number of question- at waist level number of answer.5)Put oribson the seat neat your crotch.Open your legs to see it, close them to hide4t.4}Transistorized tape recorders can be csmouflaged ag hearin5)Be imaginative Hide notes everywhere.0n skin and fingernailsaids.68 scrollsin ot jects such as watohes end pens. On kleencx,gum& oligarettes Write onthe sole of your shoe nesr the heel for easy readiOn tape in the folds of clothss and behind sheer nylon, ViLARRY CoRLyfrveturTmyapey3 tteenssBac Aanl flex 06, La 6H{TBA SHA , Dayreyon HVEHSwhen orossing legs.
a “real copies of Cuata’s ] ferall thenome kaventionweretee. Mearty 30,000 farebrai- ‘ve came mp with,”a were havinga preb- ted inseveral high-volume ore have Gropecd phony to- Costatam Bt the Ay. stations im Manhattan Kens inte every “Whatdidhe retfor ée-" where thin steel with “excellent suceess,".a week since the fare in- thisauga were showing Tranah Authority spailee- renee, accerding te Cusia'sboos,Joe Bponcer,regularty im teken man saldyeot ewranatt poetics.buckets,he Thinweek, the TA or- A in slog weewaa “i kiese¢him (twtea,”“T eame with fme dered devices imetaiia- im 2976when 166,- Spencer
Af reestipation the telephoneteran acomputer analyst making elses a yeor waswith credst catson bisbunchheer bo rJoba T. Coz, Bell'sdistrictstaff efand said Getaction syeurtre@hectronic awere beltingbeter theLine"Hyou're sing a bowon a regularbesis in New
orswhere 2 call is mdefrom, 90 thatCheaters frequently are 8 by kcalpolice whileThose foasd of bine bos flaedjatiedandforced fymcte reeitteice omeoo 2° ©A blue box is morethan a toeethat ister accesstotetelepbneeCoenlong-distance lmesby | metomaticequipment.Users Ihy déalan $00 toll-freenamrberaadseod apalee (hat acresthem lo dial anpwoere ba the werldwithout the cafl registeringasatoll ca
z
feEifi5vanationwide.Kcamrangefrom& long-distance cal]to a stranger,le‘Ilebebe cose paBellplansto a special biwill personal codes ts seperate.tellersbeingusedby benks.Customers alee willoJi
ji:|{oul.“The peoptewheareour systems.”hallsNsBgrer, ft hmgmibiet sp arse.Cn¢MoOEPanche ORG UV Lb.