MILO FONEBILL ISSUEAUTO-COMBO RED-BLUE BOXESAs Milo said in his letter, the box is made up of three sec-tions : front pane] with keyboard, memory and logic board,and oscillator/amplifier. The front panel is pretty explani-tory. The only comment J have is that the diodes be silicon.In order to conserve space try uSing dual diodes (MotorolaHEP R902). The other two boards use digital logic. Thefirst,thing you should remember is that the pin connectionsfor power are not shown in the schematic. On :ost 14 pinchips pin 7 is ground (-) and pin 14 is positive (+). Cn most16 pin chips pin 8 is ground (-) and pin 16 is positive (4),The ‘following chips are used for externa] logic:Quad NAND gate : 4012NAND gates : 4011NOR gates: 4001BUFFERS : 4010INVERTERS: 4009The 4004 divide-by-128 chip is now a 4024 chip. It performsthe same function as the 4004.The NHQ002 op-amp is now numbered LHO0O02. This chipis manufactured by National Semiconductor. Data on thesecan be obtained from the Linear Data Book by NS, availablefrom your local Rip-Cff Shack. Cn the memory/logic boardpins 2 and 9 are bussed. In other words all the pin 2's andand all the pin 9's are connected together.The capacitors that are not marked leave me in the dark]I'm going to try a .001 ora .0015 mid. and see what happens.If anyone gets to finish this before I do, drop us a line and letus know what you found. Ctherwise I'l) let you know what Ifind out.Just as a hint, 1'm planning on making printed circuitjyoards for the keyboard and osc/amp board and using wirewrapping on the memory and logic board. For an applicableidea look in the Sept. 1977 issue of BYTE magazine.NCTE : These notes were made before actual constructionof my own box. The fotos that came with Milo's letter showedan actual box. These notes and the additions made to theschematic are presented to aid in the construction of the box.As T have not built my own box [ cannot vouch for the validityof the additions or the notes but they are a reasonable aSsump-tion based on study of the schematics and consultation withthe RCA CCSMCS Date Book. If amyone has corrections orcomments please send them in to TAP and Tom will forwardthem to me.Before I leave I'd like to make a personal request: MiloFonebill, will you please get in touch with TAP?111 I'd liketo know how close J came.Thankx,WizardEDITCR'S NOTE: The above mentioned letter from MiloFonebill was reprinted in TAP #47 without the schematicsbecause I realized that they were incomplete and I did't wantto publish them until some of our technophreaks had a chanceto go over the circuitry and make additions and/or corrections.Since issue #47 was published, I have been besieged by requestsfrom readers for the Milo Fonebill schematics. Rather than gothrough the expense of photo-copying these schematics every-time a reader wants them, I've desided to publish them ,errors, mistakes, omissions and all. The four schematics onthe inside pages of this issue are the most corrected up-to-datecopies available at this time. I will continue to update theseschematics in future issues of TAP as the additions/correctionsare made known to me.Some of you TAP technophreaks werebitching that the last couple of issues lacked technical articlesso here's a golden opportunity for you to blow the dust off ofyour test equipment and riSe up to the challenge. The firstreader who Sends me a corrected working schematic of MiloFonebill's programable Blue Box will receive a one year freeextension of their subscription. Fair enough? (1)
a.ww”JULY 1978 NO. 51By now all of our subscribers should have received theircopy of TAP # 50, our special double edition 7th anniversaryissue. That issue was, in my opinion, one of the best issuesina long time. I'd like to be able to say that TAP readersresponded to my plea for info, articles, and colurnns but thathas not happened. All of the articles, columns, and info inissue # 50 were obtained either by brow beating some of ourregular office "irregulars” or by digging through our filesfor any tidbit that we could uSe, It was a tedious job! To addinsult to injury, TAP has been going through some VERYrough times] The long delay between issues 46 & 47 and 48& 49 was the result of a gigantic fuck-up by the individualresponsible for getting our mailing labels printed up, Issues48 & 49, which were mailed out on March 23, 1978, had beensitting at the TAP office collecting dust since November 23,1977] That four month rest period between issues was deadly|Cur mail, renewals, new subscriptions, and financial conditionwent from bad to worsel Things got so bad that our rent checkbounced and I was forced to pay it out of my own pocket! At thispoint in time J was personally going through a financial crisisof my own and the thought of having a TAP albatross aroun’ myneck was enough to give me Serious thoughts about folding TAPIAfter all, I reasoned, three years of busting my balls on TAPwas enough! Let some other ass hole take it over! Who needed it?I] made plans to close up the TAP office at the end of the year.I wrote to my very close TAP friends informing them of thedecision that I had made. The response was immediate. "Don'tdo itll1" Words of encouragement were nice but they did litHleto ease the financial crisis. It would take an act of God to keepTAP going. And that's what we got! I have long held the notionthat God is on OUR side (supported by the recent subscriptionto our publication by a VERY prominent Catholic publication).HE must have reasoned that if ever HE was to Save TAP, nowwas the time to actl HE works in mySterious ways and HIS waythis time was in the form of a much needed plug in the April1978 issue of HIGHTIMES magazine. The new influx of mailhas TEMPORARILY solved our financial crisis but if TAP is tocontinue, J still need ideas, info, articles, and columns fromyou readers, Since some of you have made at least a tokengesture, I have decided to do my part, Starting with this issue,TAP will begin publishing an issue a month. J will runa testperiod with the July and August issues, If the mail continuesto bring in new subscribers, info, columns, and articles, Iwill then continue to publish monthly. If, however, YOU letme down (along with yourself and the other TAP readers), Iwill have NO other option other than to fold TAP! Cur currentoffice lease runs out on December 31, 1978, and while I loveTAP, the fantastic amount of work on my part to publish anissue a month will make it VERY easy to lock up the TAF officefor the last time on December 31.Iam bitching about getting some help for TAP the LAST time!TAP is NOT just a Httle four page info rag! It is an organizationformed to collect, analyze, and disseminate data, YC\' mustSupply the raw data. TAPwill do all the rest. '© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc, 1978 - Do not make checksout to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groupsmay reprint without permission with TAP's address givenwith all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work.WARNING : We will prosecute copyright violators.

~p tedw
= ee = he OF1
-& Mee~
Figures1, 2, and 3Red Box,
Figure 1
complets Autc-Combo Red/Blue Box.Figure 4 is the Auto- Programable
Wrawr Pave.
1hJIt‘i Jp~''! Toe\ 1329 ~l +' nw |” ‘ eenLow ofLt w / put SOO we2 ~fbb~ —+" ——Fg et fs 8Bre) , 7 ‘La “t ~~" A, ~\ 17d we
' 
¢
TIPOmei Pare L \V—~{ Gi atwee 86en% ners Ried
makeup the
)
Figure 3
‘3yf~~.arw Fw,xv
[om ven Figure 2Time ne. <— -
‘
x
Figure 4
Tv lr: \aa" oy,@é ~~ oe o 65to

COMPUTER PHREAY-OUTby The WardIt's become increasingly obvious to all of us dom at TAP thata lot of thea phone phreaks out thers are also computer hacks. Thatbeing the case I'd like to use this colum, which will hopefullybecome a repular feature, to distribute information of intereat toboth phone phreaks and computer hackse Some of the ideas ard suggestionsthat move come up for this column are: applications of microprocessors toblue boxinr, Ways to break computer codes and penstration of computersecurity and'defensere I'd be intorested in hearing any ideas orsucpestions veonle have for this coluan. I'd especially like to hearfrom people who have used their personal computers to experiment withthe phones, i'd also like to hear suggestions for converting Altairs,Annles, Cosmacs, Kims, and any other microcomputer for producing WFAlso, a letter was sent to TAP by someone who was oonvertingI'd liketonesea calculater into a blue box using a 6502 microprocessor.to hear what vrorress they'we made. If anvons has ideas or dasipns fordigital-to-analog converters for 3959,6°00, 6592 orl302¢ based micro-comuters I'd appreciate thea or any hints or helo you can pive.Remember, this colimn, not to mention the rest of this rag} can onlyoperate with supgestions from you, the readers,Dear TAP,It looks like I will be having quite a lot of work cut out forme in winning this latest bullshit hassle, I need as much sup-port as I can get from everyone in the way of donations.IfI loose this case, it will mean some 200 or more peoplemay get harrassed or arrested because this case is a testcase,People interested in helping out can mall contributions to:Phone Phreak Defense Phund, 164 West 2lst Street, New York,N.Y. 10011.
Tongue-tried
a Captain CrunchIf any of you techno-electronic phone type people know any-thing about the new single chip MF encoder now available,please send the info to "The Magician" c/o TAP.
ma aninginaalting{Rewsers)— Motorist Lonitook6) focheFranceNANCY,Chechy. 34, whopoked bistompueowt aspeedUapwasfined 608 francs (Sior court bere.dermed thebecause
THE NEWS IS FROM THE WEST,AND IT'S BEIGE!While intrepidly treking around the recentWest Coast Computer Faire in San Jose CA (inwonderful Semiconductor Valley), I learned of& new colored box to do wonderful things.The Beige Box is any computer terminalthat looks like a Model 33 Teletype to a remotecomputer. That is, a TI Silent 700, an Execu-port, Portacomm, Teleterm, Termiflex, orany Other portable computer terminal that hasan attatchment or recepticle for a telephonehandset so that it can go over an ordinary tele-phone line. The box is named for the sandybrown color of the Mode! 33 Teletype, the stand-ard of the computer industry (whether the industrylikes it or not).It Should be noted, of course, that TeletypeCorporation is only 50% owned by AT&T. The other50%, however, is owned by Western Electric,the wholly owned manufacturing facility of theBull System.See Charlie?Charlie's a computer that makes phone calls.Only computers with taste make phone calls,But Charlie, Bell Labs doesn't want computerswith good taste,They want computers that taste good.SORRY CHARLIEIIIIIIIHCheshiree Dueck [orger sre ee heg Subserjel ng - ls isuye: - US Ralk rate $5,US Firvt Claes in plein Sc%)4) envelope $7.Canin rn haxic: First Clesr. F?.E F rejuin 3,IMPORTANT! Include mailing label or Xerox copy% when wrailing te TAP about y ur SubS¢ripticn.. “nics Courg$es - Ye each. A - DC Basics,fe B- AC Posics, C - Phone Bagicr, D- Amplifiers.£ JAP mugs ~ $4. §9,x AALT-shirts - $4.89. Specify size and color : Small,Medium, Large, Extra Laroe, Black or red T-shirtwith white TAP I-go,TAP "Ma Bell ls A Cheap Mother” T-shirts - $4.99,Specify size and color: Medium, Large, Extra Large.lue, tan, or yell w,Send CNLY check cr money order (No Cash) to:TAF, Rvm 41%, lug West 42 Street, NewYork, N. ¥. 10036Thisaf a mab drop only,CFFICE : 329) Hr -adw ' ork= HOURS: WEDNESDAY, 5 - 9 pm,
ahes bosbehav 10091Readers have asked why I chose blue & yellow for the colorsof issue #50. Since all our other issues are on white paper, Ifigured that if white, blue, & yellow were good enough for MAthey were good enough for TAP!Published for informational purposes Only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.Address all mail and checks to:TAP,1S2 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 1003651
Bus RaleU.$ POSTAGEPASDPecmmt No, 3Kenbey, N. J.