Beating the conson speedingOWERING MY STURDY compactcar along a levety tree-linedread in Larchmont, J spot 2 signreading: “SS MPH — Patroiledby Radar.” 1 smirk. Speed limits meanpething to me. Newly installed on mydashboard is a radar emission detectorcalled Fuszbester. IC will warn me teslow down when the car draws in rangeef » police radar unit. I have Smokeythe Bear at bay.Or do I? After spending an after.noon driving under the protection of aradar detector, I find that I could havebeen arresied for having ome In my car.Radar detectors are the Jatest toysfer adult motortsis. Electronics dealerssay (bat they are lhe hottest thing tohit the shelves since CB radios, andthey seem te be selling by the tens ofthousands.New York State says the devices arehezal to sell and legal te buy, but statepolice ard their vse a3 a misdemean-of punishable by a maximum fine of$1,000 and up to six months in jail.Certainly, mo driver caught with adetector goes to the pokey or Is finedanything like §!,000 — but the lkegumenace iz there. Indeed, in Connecticut,stzte police confiscate the devices onkight and metorists are Hable to finesup to $100. New Jersey. on the otherhand, does not thave a law restrictingthem.A miracle of moderr electronics, theFuzzbuster {s simplicity itself to ope-rate. The motorist need anly place theunit — a small black box -—- on thedashboard, plug a wire inlo the cigarctlighter, and adjust the dial. Then, alight wit] flash and a shrill beep willsound when the car nudges Into ranceof a police radar unit. In the s warbetween motorisis and the law, thedriver has the winning edge.M:nufacturers bi¢ndiv promote thedevices as “designed to help consrien-tious. safety-minded operators maintainlegal speeds by making sura they dq notInadvertently exceed pasted speedlimits.” Police scoff, sometimes with anepithet, and lbey call the units *'li-censes to speed.” Major Nicholas WN.Giangualano, director of traffic for (heNew York State Police, said, “I don'tsee any other use for these things eitherthan to avoid getting a sperding ticket.”The other day, I plugged a Furzbust-er in my car and drove through thebackroads of Westchester, on well.traveled highways. over parkways andthruways, in search of a speed trap toescape. Gradually, I developed a feelinge security, a sense of freedom fremspeed limits, | found I was ignoring thespeedometer and moving 25 fast asreemed safe on (he road.For a hundred miles, I creve whilemy Fazmbuster remained silent. Appar-enlly. there was mo police radar for mydeteclor to detect. In Yorktowneights. I stopped for pas at an Antocostation and the attendant, John Baylis,recognized my radar detector. “Thepolice don't like them,” he warned. “Iwas talking lo one cop and he said hetakes them away from drivers. Not at!the time — it depends en his mood.”Baylis did mention two locationswhere loca! pelice eften set up radaroperations. J fooled past both, at speedshigher than was wise. The black box satquielly on the dashboard. Rack in NewYouk City, with 134 miles clocked oathe odemeter, } still had not beard from
o id
ABRAT.by nd td c4 r| caomara”
the Fuzrbuster. lt had been a bad dayfer speed traps.Radar detectors have not been pope:lar long emangh for their legal status tobe clarified. Until two years ago, policebelieved the devices were undependableand ineffective and did not bother wilhthem.In New Yerk now, arrests are basedon a section of the vebicke and traffrecede which makes it illegal for a pri-vate cilizen te receive signals on iceradio frequencies. Prosecutors andcourts, however, repeatedly have foundthe statute Inadequate and have throwneut many radar detection cases. Somejodces ru" that the 1533 law was pasted before the invention of radar andfherefore camnot apply in any case in-volving It.But the future of the radar detectorin “ew York State may well hang onthe outcome of an appeal filed bytrock driver who was fined $100 lastFebruary for possession of a Furzbust-er. The appeal will be Beard in countycourt, which will de the first time theIegality ef using the devicex will bejested abeve the justice ef the peacevel.O#course, state po''ce are noforious-ly sensitive about molorists employinggulle to outfox their speed traps, Someyears ago when police enlarged th-irTadar network upstate, mot 3 pass-Ing installations retallated by flashingtheir headlights to warn oncoming cars.Thea irked police began arresting thelight blinkers.As it turned out, one of those nabbed was a News edifor, since retired,F. Heizer Wright. Fined $10, he zppesl-ed the conviction, contending that thepolice were misconstraing the law. Po-ke argued that the law forbids the dis.flay of “constantly” flashing whitehishts, Wright won on the grounds thatthe section did not mention any displayof lights. Blinker ar -sts stopped.In fact, radar detectors have been onthe market since the early 1960s, butnet until {he mid-J970s was a device putinto mass predoction that was reliableand had nough range to allow a drivertimeto slow own to avoid a speed trap.Three companies supply most of theradar detectors en the market thesedays. FlJectrolert, maker of the Furzz-buster, ls the undisputed kingpin in thefield with salez ef 500,000 units worth$35 million. Aulotronics, a Texas elec-tronics firm, makes the Super Snooperand claims sales of $12 mililan. Rada-tron does not give out dollar sales forits Senturion detectors, althouch theyapp.rently sell well enough.Cost of the devices runs from $30for a simple battery-operated unit to$150 for a more sophisticated devicethat will monitor two police bands. Themore expensive detectors are designedto receive signals from the new one-man radar "guns" that police depart-ments currently favor.In effect, the detector is a radio re-ceiver tuned to police frequancies.Some companies boext that signals canbe defected up to three miles away, butmany electronic specialists find thisridiculous. Detection distance can be af-fected by numerous factors, the expertssay, factors Jike terrain and climaticconditions.
NOV-DEC 1977Generally, they argue, a device willfunction reliably at twice the distancebeing tracked by radar. That Is, if theradar unit's range is balf a mile, thedetector will it up at a mile. Thedriver then, will have a half mile todrake down to legal spcrd.And in explaining why Fuazbustersand the like are not ‘licenses lo speed,”Industry execulives sireas thal suchshort notice will not help a moloristroaring down the highway al BO milesan hour.The devices. ane promotionalpamphiet su ed, sre for those “whacasually drift over the normally safelimit.” They are designed “to help youkeep aware of speed limtix and keepyou from feeding {he Bears.”Nat curprisingly, Jeff Wood, nation:al agent for the International TruckersAssociation, agrees. “Sure. police areirritated by the radar detectors, bel itaay helps them.” he says. "A truckerhears the beep-beep :nd he slows down,I's Nke the CB radios and thelr‘Smokey’ reports. Some policemen saythey help. One California traffic safetyofficer told me these reports make J§@Police cars sound lice 50."As with CB radios. truckers werethe first customers for the devices,Gradually, they became populor withroad salesmen and other folks who spendan isdrdinate amount of time behindthe wheel. Drivers like these tend toPush the speed limit. Tickels are a con-slant hazard and loss of their licensesmeans loss of thelr livelihood.UT PROBABLY the blgrest im-petus to sales was the imposilionof the national 55-mile an hourspeed limit — particularly inthe West where drivers think nothingof 75 miles an hour, and 200-mile daytrips are routine. Bob McLaughlin,assistant to the markecling director forAutotronics in Richardson, Texas, said,“The 35-mile-an-hour limit drove peoplemad out here. The interstate thru-Ways were designed for high speeds—70 to 8O miles an hoor. What was theuse of having them if we couldn't usethem?”With the SSmile decree, police be-came more intense jn their efforts tocontrol speed and inlrocuced an in-creasing number oo” radac. units.Electrolert, which rakes theFuazbuster, reports that police afoundthe country now employ 50,000 radorunits compered with only 3.000 or 4,000a few years ago.
For sniffing owt “Smokeys,” fhreeradar detectorshavecapturedmost of the market, The most sophisticated, the long-rangeSuper Snooper fleft}, costs $179.95, The Radatron Senturion {center}for $89.95. The popelar Fuarbuster fright} costs $105.
ad
NO. 47Worse for drivers. the companiescharge. the polire radars sre eflenin “dnfair’ locations — at thetom of hilts or st town Hines —where even the most prudent drivermight find himself speeding. And therelz also the cenlention thal too manypolice are wsing their radar skills teraise local revenues, rather than ag a&Speed check.In a way, molarists and police areengoged in an arms race in which therefs tittle possibility of detente.us) le a es meee of the Fuzzer 3 e2 ectro} arguesthat his device puts the mioterint on anequal footing with the policeman whostalks him. The story is that Smith, whehad beem designing police radar units,go" caught in a speed trap and hurriedhome to pot together his own radardetector.“Speed radar Is a sympt-TM of a soci-ety headed for a police state,” Smithinsis's. “The Fuzzbuster negates theeficctiveness of radar and in fits owsway. adds to our storehouse of personalfreedom.”In Virginia. where radar detectorsare banned, the feuding betweenState police and truckers who are de.voled to devices can turn nasty.In the fast few years. authoritieshave confisrated 4.000 detectors,maiply from lruckers. Their ownerswere fined an estimated $200,000.To tweak the sensibilitics of thelaw, some truck drivers rollingthrough the Virginia hills place card-board replicas of Furzzbusters ontheir dashboard. When a treoperstops a truck carrving what appearste be a banned device, the joke is onmi,Last month. a» trooper nol onlyfajled to laugh good-naturedly at thetrucker’ ploy. He arrested thedriver, Henry Hillard, and broughthim before a maristrate who levied a$1235 fine. The trucker recalled that thetrooper was “spiliing 10 penny nails.”In e(fect. Willard hed been arrest:ed and fined Jor possession of a smallcardboard box.The trucker appealed with thehelp of Fuzzbuster's manufacturer,Electrolert, Inc.. and the IndependentTruckers Association. During a five.minute court session, the state attor-ney Gecided to drop all charges.
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977-Do not make checksout to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement aroupsmay reprint without permission if TAP's address is givenwith all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted -vork,WARNING:We will prosecute copyright violators.

THE VOICE by Ted VailTo start cff, I would ‘ike to pose a few cusstions,egric itu the vein af centrol sad atler telephone tore.“Deprave” mentioned the usa of efagle freoueacy (SF) tonesand amid "it'h a pity yau haven't published sore sdout thes”.Why eanuld wal Of what use are they! Please note that tienecuestions are oot rhetoric: 1 weal toes answered! So far, theOnly idem i've received ia from Sam, that udigquitousLitchfield cercenist, whe suggeets that SF pulses used Ca deunede Cor signaling a .ong time ego,-aisilar to the wayKilgore cescrited 1% in lems 37. Wat do yo, think? 1 wantto Kaavw.Lam giad that Tom ia reiceatatiag the “letters from readers"column. I had origine:ily fatended to amswer questiogng thatarpeared ia older beck issues, but I wauld prefer to conservecolume space and anly anavwer cuseticas in the more recentones, Maybe, when and if | become a regular. important TAPwriter, and I receive socugh faverarle reaponses (Yea, thalmeade Yous), then fom sight eacd me phetocopies of letterstreat ye plans to pudlian aad let se lasert my answeringroppents after emcr ome, « is Eden Underground. ntil thatharpens, town, you'l] have te be coatent with having toflis peck aad forth from the iague with tne cuestios to theome with ay aAnewer; cemely, thie one.{£SLE 24: To "LO. "Get a phore with clip | eae.preferatly a ifnemeo's Cast set, and use it to clip on ta theterminate in a junction bor. If you cascot find such as aninal,.look for ea undergrovad cable coasection tox (the tex isaboveground). They are those boxes that atand op adeut 2¢fect from the grovad, are cylindrical er rectangular in akape,painted green and beacizg the iccal telco insignia and usualiythe words "Do not dig-—-underground cabie". They can ba opensdeusily an they are never lecked and bucdredsa of phone linesare |[salde for your calling plemaure. Feilicg either of thene,eoulr your poze with a pele of special ailigstor clipe thathave the insalation-pierctoy prongs inside (availasle fromBursteln-applebee) asd “latch op” to asy mvai.able line. Ona colo phome line (BY THES wAT—Depravo (iac.%}, pil) cakedhow the teico knows which clones are Go8e coes and which arecoim omes, Slapla-—don't you thick they know which ere whichween they're ioatalled? Then the incoeing coin linen areComcetted to a_igptly different equipmect: namely. thecircuits that determine ween and if any coins were ixzserted.Ae for the equipment at the other ead of a line telng ebdia toteli, it wouldn't be bard to have the afcremeationed circuitseerd a signal to the remote end.) you wil! have to grousd Tip(green) tkrough » )Ok resistor as explained to Tos's"Fortress Fun" ic fen. 3%. sBout tte Phone-Male Geal: am atcBlack Box could be veed lo cenmact the uzit to the line.There is we ceet facter operaticg here: the aachisce operatesfor abdovt = minute and a haif, countirg toth sestages. thusdiscouraging the ‘ualnitiated” from exceeding the 3 misutenlack sox time limit maximum that most people coasicer safe.(MOw SAFE 1S IT?)fo "Ieith’—locate the two cantectu that open and ¢.che asthe dial returna (the “pelaingTM contacter: which ere consectedacrose "FF" and *Rik" on « Neubert proce. Short these bypatting m jumper directly ecrosa the two screns, Thie wil.disable the dial. ([f the py knowe anythirg about fooss ne!)1Know ectougr to pelea the booksvitch.A ceaeistor and capecitorcomneated to the hootmswileh coctacts will discowrage this. [|don't xrow what values. bat if fom waste to {lgure them outand crint thes bere, Do's welcome to...Deer “Icdiens*——maxce nure you are calling oa 909 nwo rer ofep outfit a long dieteance nway. If they give wc 800 numberZor everywhere but [od. sad amy to cal! thelr reguier numbercollect, forget thee. Pod a comoeny Sirther away. Bexrt-—~waitwatil you bear the rirging sound from the far en. before“teeoing off". Oncaea you to that, you are ia a&f's iong ilcadamd the local eccentricities can de tgsored. If you try that,ara it still doesn't work, drop me a line cxolaining exaectiywast you <{d and heard. and C'IL try to nalp.A Comment to E¢ Sxtrect: Firet, all places that have haden e@ergency sumsber iike 91] for mera theac 6 wonlba cr 16neve had time to install, asa you can 3@ sure, have izstalied,~ittlie Lim reescat gadgets that diaclay the cumbere of incomingcalierg. Iam toid that’ some police stations bave these on theirrequiar lices, tor, and tral so matter where they are, thaycoat a fortwce to rest. [| vent to goew boy theaa pork! treathe general prisciclea would oe great.y arprecilated. Second,my Iittcola (rimode tell pe that some Chicago suburbda DavetLose "fiaereatie” sigtal tigbte. Ome evec saym Stat “aactivated i{ with his xeson Camera strote, flaeking -Dreughstae windebiels! You Rava to be at «@ certaic distaace rercgeto De at t?.e correct angie. This soucds neat! { want to bearmore ab@ut thiai
Sear Jim—Icstead of deutroying tne eultt~iime careoilityo3 the Kay tesercoae, why ant Just Locate t** two line viresfcr oce of tre izes and hook uf to tnarel I cate ta seeexpansive e-:aulpment deetrcyed-Macea adaut as CO sense Asciviog a stud ecinal o vasectomy.seer "Kiccoisl"—~whal °$ TREAT SVAMBFAT!? That's just tae cirdof thisg we wast to publiah anc let cur readera try {1 Sut.By bearing axactly woat it sounds Like. one of them algnt oeadle to figure out ite purposes. Ay Zueme is that it's a teatnumber, Dut for teeting what!l [f we publisd it, mayde we! ttfind a TAPper worsirng in the exchange oear there woo couldtell us. Thea only reseon you aigmt oot weat {t published wonll.be in the case of a really neat, exciting numoder that you doaot wack Telco to dieconmect, acd frankly, this ene dossen'sersctiy sound “ifs somethiag that would xeep me swace af aigh:(althougn explaining thin to you jg). Aleo. please define“povey-factor-—corrected", and teach us what you learned. ‘whatyou learned about power meters, that is, sot ceceasarily whatyou lwarned from your dog.Comcerning “A.c.°'s discavery! Somrthing [ reed ia EUNY(Tdan Underground Press Serwece, published by Béen Prees)goee it ons tetter. According to Barry Reid's “"Inezpiracy”celums ia Wem 933, "& company called LIBERTY CRAPEICS(P.O.Box 361.4, Charkctts, ¥O 278703) prints up coecks that resistmicrofileiog, apd will provide tna exact typa of checx youneed..."Seat. buh? A friend told me that the dances can giveyou a real bard time if you foul them up with things likethis, tut whetRer or aot they do depends upor the individuarbank. Start a email sccount unter s felse come ac4 use theseftricciee", agd you'll soom find out dow much of «a Mg Brotheryour lecal outflt ia.Dear "Callf." (of Meghdad?): OF COURSE 1F2 doesn't workwhen used in place of KPI! The lang Lines long distasce linesare going te totally lemcre anydevary signal that isa'tpreceded ty EPL. I muggast you try KP O44 X£P2 (african countrycoda) (masber) SP or try KP 044 ST, PZ (then same me defora).These axe only educated qcusesen, acd I would greatlyappreciate more information on this subject! In fact, I don'tevan know the tomes for KP2 affhend. and [ cam'’t fiad them toany beck iseus. ViIL someane tell me waica one (if any?)!£ mimo want to hear from old time subscribers. ampecially theguy why wrote the Letter aigned "-KANSAS-" on page Jof leanne2? (or anyone alee «bo has infe concerning tbe "ST" key or*Batedlnute”. I hawe some ideas about the use of the cainretarm and collect MF tcnes, mentioned {sn thet asme letter.They are aloost cortaialy used by operators at the far end ofao tong Line ta perform the coin functions, as a XX eigmalfrom the far ead obriausly wouldn't da it. To sea if they cazDe used, Save someone call you from a pay pbons a longdistasce away (like a different aren code), preferably usingooine tut 1 mupcose it would werk if be Boxed an 800 numberaod thes inserted a aicrel {or slug). You want something ipther@ so you mnow if the coln relay is doing something or not.During the ccopersation, before the cola relay is ectivatedautomatically by the local éxrchange, Sees the "coisa return‘tone lato yeur end and hopefully bis colce will be returned.You may have ta precede it with KP aod foliow it with Sf,CATION: If it is @ peid call, ag cperator is right there aodyour friend bad better reinsert a niccal juickly to put thecolin circult bask to ite "money inserted" condition beforethe operator coticea the tewpormry change of atatus on herboard. Ramemter, trose green lighta awitch to red iomedlatelywhen money leavea the coin hooper, either for your dead orthe cols bor, and you must put that relay beck Co keep theap. from noticing anything. [ need nore info on these tones:experiment to werify or refute the advove conclusiog. Pleaseremember that aiacs 1 doo't Lawes direct access to Taicointernal info. I have ta piece together bita of wnat I donov. [¢ may oat be perfect. tut it should put you oc therignt track.Dear D.J.: If yeu baox up Setween the power company aodthe local meter, you wos't be drawing any juice through itand thus 10 won't show. I'm positive that the Betere at toecompany show only large scala changes (else why would theybave locei meters?). aa far as persiasion to inspect goes.if the wires actually do cross your property. you had togive thee permisszien to put thas. there. Cr did you? if not,and they try to avs, they'd prabdably lagh it aut of ccoart.If you 414 permit thee, though. the contract (agreement}alacat carteinly bas fine priot giving them the right todnspact. They would probably have to ootify you, and aDobermam oy two roaming your fenced-ia yard might dater thenfer a day or te, allowing you tea "tidy up” defery yeurQwecte come. It's difficult to fasten safely to the piece efaiweinws, #© remeaber to learn the exact correct procedureamd cof course ineulate well. Joed lucr!Concerning the next, umeigned letter: [ thought we gotthat scheme out of the way om column i. p.7?, iee.c *—sortmeters are 5 frong apd thue canact De inverted. For curicaity'aace, | wuld iixe to maw the meaning of the crypticnetationa that appeer on memrly all (if mot gi)) ealectricmeters. They are oll “AW and thea 5 ousber lixe 13¢ or

11 5/9 or mo.lt hae occurred to ep, and to you too, I'm mare, that mostTAP reecers are generally Xeounter-cultwralinta®. I thlax ican pafely assume ‘bat you are, too. Tren vay sot dresx furtleraway from the system (veich, of course, encourages you to santait on your aps) and dg something, preferndly scasthing forTaP? Tom te ag rigpt when he says “Reader apathy SICASI". Tha5S. mae become a naties of paseive pleasures ond eatertainzectuere everyone Just aite around, consumes coeds, end doen'tthine for Eimasif at all» The ubiquitous “booed tadbe” ie aparfect exumpie—fer all TY addicts and tadeed a majority ofImericans it nas become pragtically a prostitute, allowingyou to just lie Deck and te “entertained”. well. if you wastto be « regular moren (MOTE-—-the average TF viewer has thementality of sn G-year-oli!) esd do Chat, then as far us xisconcerned, you can 40 fost that: CET FUCKED! Bat if you ventto coms eut of the delirium, and help yourself (and eomecceelse) te be am iodepencent cownter-culturaliet, what betterway to do eo than by helping TaP, right sew: Actually, thetitles of ay coltumo shonld be “w DT 2, atanding for"Wheat Do Yow Think 1°, becamee that le the real question inTaP—what do you think! We want to maow. Bot oaly can TAPnot jepraye without your feedback, it cansot RXIST withent4tl You dom't have to live im or even pear ¥TC—I'm over eoniles away, yet I atill mansge to costribute! so “Winnie” veaptiy put it, poy is the bourl For all good TAPPERS to cometo the aid of Ted Valli I can be reeched, Tom permitting, atTaP, Ted Yall, Boom %18, 152 ¥. 42 St., and you'll have toturn the page to gat the reat. dnd PLEASE. if you waat areply, oat your returs eddrees on the jetter, sot just theenvelopes. Flease mention vbat area code you're from, evea ifyou doa't meatiom your address. Bapeflly. ay saxt » montbawill be interesting and iaformetive, the entertainment comingfram yop courtesy of the local Postal Service. Me, there isBoka etation break cov.LETTERS FROM READERSDear TAP,Your past couple newletters have indicated an urgent need forHere enclosed are plans.vr two different unics, one a combination blue/red, ard the othermatorial - well, lee me lay ome on youlred only. They are fully automatic, and programmable.
Hopefully, devaces such as this One and Others even more advancedaiif help ta close the technology gap again in the never-ending dDatilewith these “Slue-belled’ fuckers.ix is a vatter of increasing concern the growing nuaber offelony convictions which are being passed an ta resily “regular”folks these days. Such truiy trivial :tems such as mere possessionof an encoding device, dSDlasting caps, Right viewing equipment, afd onand on... chey might as weil lock eweryone up and get it over with:The dirty fuckers and their "Grand" juries are Causing thousandsto lose thelr rights CO possess guns, vote, they are not even allowedro associate wich other “feloss’. Did you know that simply sellingthree rifles wichin a 90 day period is a federal felony rap? I haveheard of indiyiduals who were “our of favor’ with the government beapproached by Alcohol and Tax agents posing a% interested gun buyersand having made the required minimus ‘purchase’ then busced the poorand unsuspecting victim. This has happened to those with leaningsboth left and right - it looks as if Nixon-mania is still with us!Such a legacy as this should sake us all aware that after atl, 1984isn't really all that far away now.As a former design engineer for the Belt System, am in a positionto kaow how really fucked up their attitude toward che public they"serve really is. Publications such as TAP Bust be supported andnot allowed to go under. Not all of us are into the circuitry end ofthings - haw about those of you who really make the system talk?Lists of country codes and foreign senders should be updates yearly,the system is in a state of constant flux. The U. N. Bookstore inNew York will sell copies of the ITT Greea Book. Get the volume on"Signalling and Switching’ to be brought up ro date. Ever wonderwhat those strange tones are when you place foreign calisf Thisbook will tell you!Inquiries regarding these circuits may be made by the placingof am ad in the "personal column of the Seattle Post Inacelligencer.Mention my name, leave telephone number or address.Gentlemen, keep up the good work. There is more at stake in thisthan you may suspect.Milo FonediilMERRYCHRISTMAS & HAPPYNEW YEARfrom Tom Edison and my staff of burn-outs:Liberal use af COSMOS integrated circuit techniques precludeseven the need for an offfon switch, since the standby power on theseis for all practical purposes, 0. These are usually built in layers,and it results in a very vioume efficient device (see illustrationof hand-held uait}. Three layers consist of fromt panel with keyboard,memory and logic board, and tone oxscillator/amplifier. It is myfeeling that the construction of an advanced unit of this type isbest managed by individuals with a fair amounr of electromic experiene.For this reason, no effort was made to include pim oumbers, exactlavout instructions, etc. [kt is felt that the procurement of RCA'SCOSMOS Handbook or its equivalent should be made prior to planningor constructing your own umit, and ali details may be found there.In actual operation, the blue/red unit is very Stmple amd straight-forward, One need only key in the entire evening's “activities priorto leaving for » boork (you wouldn't use your own, would you?). Theactual number of telephone mumbers which can be stored and sequenced
Stan Joe GreyhoundDuff Ted VailDave Agent MDASam Mark éDMPORTANTNCTICEIHIPIITRDTIEAll TAP subscripuions are pro-rated, For allyou burm-outs, that means that if you send ustheoldsubrate, you willget only © issues.Issues are 50¢ each, whether you buy them asback issues or through 4 regular subccripticn.Stay the hell out of Spotswood, N. J. i The localpigs have got a good racket going for -hem. Thename of the game is called Radar Trap. You pla:thisgameby craftily hiding a 4C mpb sign betweentvo 50 mph signs and then placing a radar pis oc20by the 4g mph Sign. By the time youtake yourfoctthrough are dependant on many factors; however, a total of 64 key-strokes are possible. Foreign sender codes, area codes, local numbersmay be mixed in any suitable order. In examining the schematic, youwill see that the memory will shift each new MF combinationa our withevery clock pulse, thus enabling the proper oscillator combination.Detection is made of KP or KP2, which when sensed, haits the sequence,waiting for another push of the "run" button to continue. Nurabers
off the das wheo you spy the flashing clue Llichtsbehind you, they've got you! If only I'd read abou:the radar detectors mentioned on the frcnt peze o!this issue. { hope you fuckin Spotswood perkerschoke on my $15! RATES "are re-circulated, and may be recalled by sequencing through the stored Back Issues are SO¢ each.combinations. The tone pair bursts are 50 ms in duration with SO msof silence in-between, KP and XP2 are 100 ms in agreement with ITTspecification.If you hawe experienced difficulty in penetrating exchangeswhich are employing the new “Message Format Oiscriminators”, you will--ally love using this - the calis sail through every tise, while thewat uaits fail! The feature which is most appealing to those of uszy are using these is the fact that the units are very compact andeasily concealed. pre-programmed so that there 1s 0 need for haulinga big “box” our in public view each time vou "dial". Although bothunits in the rifustrations contain bualt-in speakers, there is alsoproviston for remote jacks. so that a Ciny speaker or headphone unitmay se easily palmed. mith this unit, it “as 3 Simple ecatter to piaceJ cai. to Moscow, ussag the central desk of the BTT without raising2 Singte eyebrow (uatch tater, auch fater]
Surscriptcas-10issues -USBulk rate 35.US First Class in plain sealed envelope $7.Canada & Mexico First Class 37.Foreign S&.EEPZRTANTI Include mailing label cr Xerox copy‘when writing to TAP about your suoscripiicn.Sour * Mincpoly 31.29,Electrons? Dourses - We each A - DC Basics,B- AC 545128, C - Poone Sasics, 0 + Ampliners.Tap T-shirts 34. Specs.t size: Smab, Mas., Larrs,Sena om cnetk coominey coder (G.c Cash) to
*.wy Nee s- 8, Rsorgp T3S) Ne@w org 2
wewe be TtRicm 4is, 1£2 Nest 42 Street, New York, OY. 2502 -

CB BULL by Joe GreyhoundNriting this month's column may be a tatalwaste, but ['m writting it anyhow. I've been letin on the financial status of TAP and it isn'tfood at all. There isn't even enough greenery inthe bank to pay the bills and rent on their holein the walll If you think us writers and workershere are getting payed, you're full of shit!I'm waiting for the word on whether to writethis column or not, but figured I'd write it upany way just in case,I was supposed to give a modification forCBs using the type of synthesizer explained inmy last colum, but while thinking about it, Ifigured out an easier way to do the entire synthaseries, that is if there is still something towrite it forl???The mod. will come after all the synthas arelooked at. So, this second type of synthesizer isused in 23 channel radios manufactured by Sharp,Teaberry, Courier, Pearce Simpson, and probablyothers. Again there are six main crystals used inboth the transmit and receive modes, They happento be, 23.290ITHz used for channels 1-4, 23, 34-0ldHzused for channels 5-8, 23,390liHz for channels9-12,23.840MHz for channels 13-16, 23.490}0[z for channels17-20, and 23. 540lIHz for channels 21-23.Tn tnese radios there are-another four crystalsthat are used in both modes. Channels 1,5,9,13,17,and 21 use the 14.950IlHz crystal - Channels 2,6,10,14,18,and 22 use the 1/.960!4Hz crystal - Channels3,7,11,15, and 19 use the 14,970IIHz crystal - andchannels 4,8,12,16,20, and 23 use the 14.990MHzcrystal.‘Inen-the radio is in the trangmit mode on,say channel five, the 23, 340ilHz and 14.950itHzcrystals are added in the synthesizer mixer toproduce a 338.290iHz output. Next the ist IFfrenuency of 11.275!Iiz is subtracted from the above38,290:Hz to give a frequencyof 27.0151[Hz, channelfive. The procedure continues all the way from1 through 23.The receive mode works the same way, eventhouzh a 11.73013iz crystal is thrown in Somewhere.This has to do with heterodyning in order toproduce the 455kHz 2nd IF frequency, but don'tworry about it. Just remember, in order to checkyour receiver's frequencies the freauency of theIst local oscillator equals the sum of both maincrystals ( the two crystals that are used for onechannel in both modes ) plus 11.275]1Hz. But forgetit, since this is all constant and in doing mod-~ifications they always stay the same, WhewlI!It!Sven though all this shit is probably boringto read, don't sweat it. I've sot some goodiesplanned for future issues (I hopett!!?) of TAP.If any of you out there would like info onany type of SDs or equipment just drop me a cardalong with a long stamped self-addressed envelope,and I'd be rlad to send you back manufacturer'spamphlets of whatever,
Member, send any info, questions, comments,money, requests for info, money to:TAPeYo Joe Greyhound152 W. &2 StreetRoom 418New Tork, N.Y. 10036GET DOWN!! by TOM EDISONI'm sorry that my column in this month's issue is so Smallbut I want to use as many new articles and columns by readersas possible in each issue, There are many new developmentsthat I wanted to write about but these will just have to waituntil the next issues. I'm gonna be a bastard and pull a cliffhanger on ya by telling ya that in our next issue, we'll tell yawhere ya can LEGALLY by a Blue Box! How's THAT fer balls?|I couldn't end the year without thanking Stan & Duff fer makingthis one of the most expensive but far fuckin out summers thatI've ever had! Thankx again, ya burn-outs]Let me end my column with a plug for a fantastic new Storethat's opened in New York City, better known as Cin Sity.The name of the store is simply The Computer Store. For allyou real techno-phreaks just dying for a place that deals incomputer info, this is the place to go. Three books that allyou poreaks should be interested in are listed below. For moreinfo, write or visit The Computer Store, 55 West 39th Street,New York, N.Y. 10018. Tell em Tom Edison sent yalTO OPE bm OBR Pa bats. IRF Be greyrdnetettete bE RE RE TPE Ged TREO IME T=.feet bd SIRIR Bek Fok Ssh TIMER Toys Tu MAE ltl THHThIdTM Teo Bea rey teal beeEe IT YR Lue. A PHARRE TER:rab bie TM a Fedde PAR BRE SHH Ths Woda Tee tte ETHITFRE Feds TORMF GEMERA TURF =.
TRIP OHIMRIF HIER OOMRFIRS YOU CAN ELIT Ce $7 ASVi ee boy TP) ER HAY RP Frio SPR Trek ORR Hak) To CoM TRooT SIME LE Abo ety TeaPre BEE < Pie tRRETECE Tht epFE OTT OW TRLILS LIEF PILPreisdyeatpedbs. PeeSe yur Trae bttoeESCeHERI Teo Fel OHMTU ROP TOMY. “SPERDERRAONE'. SSJLEMLER'. "HOLErltT rd. ok MO RHI A OANA GITREFR USEFUL J TRE."Pees TT OPE ee TRIED SME TUR Teles SYSOP gtt. ro 2%Tpaee Tle PHI } ‘s! HRY TF td EF: 1th "Barb Redd: PR ERE TRI Op THE STORED-FROOGRAM CONCERT UFPi Fr Theribdte MP TR HRI ANG SYSTEMS. PID TH DOPeL ETE HOMER RISEro Treaty = RL Rt TRietic TELERHOME COMMUIRICATITWIN- SYS TEMSTHE Gere cbt ARE AYATI APLE EY MAIL FRSTORE SS tH SSTH So OMEM VOPR ny LaetLs:FOF FUSTAGE WITH OFDER FUR ERDH BrinTHE CCWIITESTHOT Pi gOPublished for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.Address all mail and checks to:TAP,ROOM418, 152 W.42ST, NY 10036Turn kids on to.real grassGREENBURGH. N.Y. (AP) —