SPECIAL CONVENTION ISSUE? 
YOUTH INTERNATIONAL 
PARTY LINE 
| | 
The World's First Phone Phreak Con- 
vention is being held on July 11- 
15, in Miami Beach! The Celebration 
of Change will include, in addition, 
teach-ins on telephones, contests, 
meetings with nationally-known phone 
phreaks. Plus the unveiling of new 
devices never yet revealed. Courses 
are going to be held on Phone Pol- 
itics,Phone ripoffs, establishment 
ripoffs, and peoples technology. 
If you want to help or teach a 
class, write us immediately and in- 
clude your phone no. 
At the same time there will be other 
events too, such as antiwar demos, 
women's rights, health care, anti- 
smack information and actions, and 
many other happenings. Get in touch 
with YIP in Miami for these if you 
want to be involved. 
The Convention and the Celebration of 
Change will be an incredible learning 
scene and you should start telling 
everyone you know to be there. If you 
are a budding phone phreak, you.'11 
learn how a phone works, and how to 
make it work for you. Or come down 
for the pot parade to legalize Mari- 
- 
juana, but COME DOWN, AND BRING YOUR 
FRIENDS. Put signs in freak stores and 
post notices in schools-MIAMI BEACH- 
JULY 11-15, There'll be food, sun and 
fun. 
WRITE To: 
JUNE-JULY 1972 
LETTERS 
Gentlemen: 
I am including the name of the Company 
that can provide those interested with 
all types of telephone devices as well 
as info. They also have two correspon- 
dence courses that I believe are the 
best (only) of their kind.One is a 
telephone engineering course-how to 
make your own clandestine devices. 
The second is a "spy" course. You §& 
your readers will flip over their 
catalog. Cost is $1 deductable from 
any purchase-anhd well worth it. 
Don Britton Enterprise,P.0O.Drawer G, 
Waikiki,Hawaii 96815. -G.B. 
Readers have written for info on the 
Peoples Yellow Pages. We're making a 
list of the PYP's all over the coun- 
try, so if you know one in your area, 
send us the address and whether or 
not they're doing more of the same. 
New York PYP is at N.Y. Switchboard, 
134 w. 4 St.,NYC 10012. 
For more on telephone groups working 
for changing the Bell System, the 
Source Catalog #1 has many groups 
listed, such'as Womens groups,U.S. 
Govt. inspecting phones, Grass Roots, 
etc. Write to Source at Box 21066, 
Washington,D.C. 20009. 
YIP, R0om 2Ol 1674 MERIDIAN AVE MIAN) BEACH 
PHONE 305-531-8845
RECEIVE FREE LONG-DISTANCE CALLS! 
Now you can receive calls at no charge to the caller,and anyone, even a 
child, can convert their phone to do this in less than 30 minutes. You 
only need two parts: A "single pole,single throw toggle switch" and a 
"10,000 ohm, 1/2 watt, 10% resistor" .Hardware stores carry switches with 
two wires already on them, and these are convenient to use. The resistor 
can be bought for 20¢ at a radio-tv supply or electronic hobbyist store, 
such as Lafayette Radio. If you can't find a switch with wires already on 
it, get oné with screw terminals so you can easily attacn on wires. 
Cut two pieces of wire at least 6 inches long. 
Strip off the insulation 
1/2 inch from each end. Attach one wire to each of the two switch screws, 
and you now have a switch with two 6 inch wires connected. 
Turn your normal _djal phone upside down and unscrew the two screws, and 
remove the case. 
You wi 
now see a small metal box with 16 screws on top 
and wires connected to them. Locate the screw marked "F" using our diagram 
and loosen it. Wrap one of the resistor wires around it and tighten the 
screw. Loosen the "RR" screw and remove the green wire. Then wrap the other 
resistor wire around the "RR" screw along with one of the switch wires. 
Tighten the "RR" screw and be sure the wires only touch the proper terminals 
and no others. Finally,wrap the remaining switch wire around the green wire 
you just removed and wrap the two up tightly in scotch or electrical tape. 
Close up the phone, running the switch wires out the side or rear of ‘the 
case. Hang up receiver and get a piece of tape and a pen. Pick up the phone 
and flip switch to the position that gives you a dial tone. Using tape, mark 
this position of the switch "Normal". Now flip the switch to the other pos- 
ition and the dial tone should stop. Mark this position of the switch "Free". 
If you don't get it to work right, check your wiring for a break or a wire 
touching a nearby screw inside the phone. 
Leave the switch "Normal" for everyday use. When your frieuds call, quickly 
1ift and drop 
receiver as fast as 
you can. This is very important that you 
do it quickly. This should stop the rings. If not,do it again. Then switch 
to "Free’,pick up the phone and talk. Keep all calls as short as you can, 
always less than 15 minutes. At end of call, hang up, then switch to "Normal". 
If the call is local, switch to "Normal" immediately or you may be cut off. 
Your friend can call right back, so the shorter the call the better it is. 
TOWARDS REAR OF PHONE
HOW IT WORKS 
. 
When you call someone long distance, you are billed from the moment they 
_ 
answer. The phone company knows you answer when a certain amount of electric 
current flows through the phone. However, the resistor cuts down the amount 
of current below the point of billing,yet lets enough go by to operate the 
mouthpiece. Inside the phone, connected across the F and RR terminals, is 
a capacitor, a device which allows more volume for your voice without using 
any more electric current. 
. 
. 
Answering the phone normally for a fraction of a_ second stops the rings, 
but does not let enough current flow to start the billing. If you answer 
normally for even one full second, however, billing will start. Therefore, 
hanging up and switching to free will cut you off. 
To render the device ineffective, the phone company would have to spend 
billions of dollars and nany years of changing the country's phone systems. 
Using this device is illegal in some places, and we strongly urge you to 
inspect all phones you see for the device. If you see it, rip it out and 
eat it immediately. 
By the way, you cannot use an ext....10n phone during a free call unless 
it too is modified and the switch is in "Free". 
YIPL is $2 for a year's issues, if you 
TECHNICAL DATA as¢exe 
can afford it. If you can, send stamps ~3Lvue Sox INFO + TONING 
or bread to pay for those who can't,§ —CREDIT CARD CALLS 
turn someone on to YIPL today! 
This article is essentially the same as published in Ramparts, who has 
been suppressed by the Phone Company. Ramparts has taken apart the State 
Dept.,the Defense Dept. and the whole fucking government and no hassles 
but the article about the phone company and POW! Which is why YIPL exists, 
to get the vital information to the people if there's no other way to get 
it to them. You supply the information, and you get more back. Send us 
ideas, tell your friends to write to us, and get phone <o. people to get 
in touch with us. See 'ya in Miami, phreaks! 
Stay tuned for the Rip-Off Institute! 
LETTERS 
High- 
If you come across a pay phone minus 
the cash box(large gaping hole in 
front) put hand in hole find small 
square hole in top rear of large 
hole. Insert your good finger(you 
know which one)in the hole and feel 
for button(feels familiar,right- 
like Deja Vu). Push it and any 
bread up in the machine will be 
liberated thru hole. There's more 
than one way to fuck the phone co. 
It's a great way to get some bread. 
Bye. B.L.,Pearl River,N.Y. 
Dear YIPL, 
Here is a tip for people who are 
going across country. Take along 
phone numbers on both coasts that 
won't. answer. Whenever you stop 
near a pay phone tell the operator 
you want to call the further away 
of the numbers, and put the coins 
in the phone. After she returns the 
money, insist that it didn't come 
back. Give her the address that 
you're going to, and when you get 
there you'll have a lot of refunds 
waiting. I also think its a good 
idea to dial operator whenever 
you're near a pay phone and say 
that you lost a dime and already 
made the call, so would they send 
you the dime. Then select a name 
at random for them to send it to 
from the phone book. -Bill
BOYCOTT WAR PRODUCTS 
The following products represent the consumer lines of companies now 
making bombs,guns, or automated warfare systems for use in Southeast 
Asia. These products, curiously enough, are in many cases a rip-off to 
American consumers as well. kefuse to buy them, and urge your frinds 
and relatives to do the same. Tell store managers why you're doing it, 
also. 
General Electric appliances,Hot Point Refrigerators,Stouffer foods and 
Restaurants,Royal Typewriters, Wilson sporting goods,meats and food 
products, Four Seasons and Niagara carpet,Remington Rand machines and 
Remington shavers and appliances,Bostitch staplers,Talon zippers ,Gorham 
silverware,Eaton paper and desk accesories,Spiedel jewelry and watchbands, 
Shaeffer pens,Skip writing fluid, Amana appliances,Caloric appliances, 
Paul Revere life insurance,Carte Blanche credit cards,Moffats appliances, 
Avco Embassy Pictures and records,Avis,Sheraton hotels,Wonder products, 
Hostess products,Morton frozen foods,Westinghouse appliances,Ford cars, 
Philco appliances,Autolite car parts,GM cars, Frigidaire appliances 
,AC 
spark plugs. 
(Thanks to National action/research on the Military Indus- 
trial Complex). 
Published for informational purposes only byThe Youth International Party Line. 
SUPPORT CAPTAIN CRUNCH 
| 
As some of you might know from a 
recent Rolling Stone article, the 
fees, Please contribute what you can, 
FBI and the phone co. has arrested 
It might be you next. If you learn of 
the supposed Cap'n Crunch of Blue 
people needing support of this kind, 
Box fame for allegedly making a 
write to YIPL at once with details. 
few Box calls. We are now setting 
Make checks to Cap'n Crunch Defense 
up the Cap'n Crunch Defense Fund, 
Fund,c/o YIPL. This is needed to 
for the benefit of such obviously 
show our solidarity against facist 
political telephone busts. The 
Ma Bell, so do it today. We will 
money will go for support of those 
try to have a statement by Cap'n in 
harrased and busted for phone co. 
the next issue. 
specials, and for legal and bail 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to : 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036