YOUTH INTERNATIONAL PARTY LINE 
vA 
a 
JUNE 1973 
no.19 
Northwestern Bell Telephone is starting to take the bells out 
of pay phones to prevent, they claim, collect calls to pay 
phones and "signal calls" where people hear their phone ring 
once and call back to a pay phone. Thus, if you have a life- 
or-death situation where you must be called back, you're 
out of luck, So much for the argument that "pay phones are 
a public service"... Robert McCrie, editor of Security Letter, 
a anti-ripoff newsletter showing companies security methods, 
‘s plugging YIPL for business execs. He calls us "a bunch of 
nuts" and puts in our address with the warning "don't use the 
office address" (of their company). Security Letter, 475 Fifth 
Avenue, N.Y.,N. Y. 10017. Use an office address-you're 
writing for a company, remember. Say you want to subscribe 
to Security Letter, ..John D. deButts, chairman of AT&T, in 
U.S, News and World Report, (Tomorrow's phone service- 
Why it Will Cost More) comes up with some outrageous 
state- 
ments like "a public telephone is a public service", "Service 
in New York City today is good" and"'we ‘had always felt the 
Bell System companies were well out ahead in the fairness 
of our employment practices", Also"People don't visualize 
the uses for Picturephones". George Orwell did in 1984, but 
deButts doesn't mention bugging or privacy at all. Another 
item of interest: "Do you have 2 telephone listed for John D. 
deButts at 200 Z. 66 St?... 
Yes, that is 421-2277"... "In 
Kansas City, the existence of just such an arrangement be- 
tween the telephone company and the chief of police was re- 
vealed". That's 2 quote from Monopoly that YIPL printed in 
issue #1, Well friends, we all know how big corporations 
often exert political pressure to help their friends into office, 
don't we? Nixon just named Clarence M. Kelley, the police 
chief of Kansas City to be Director of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, Maybe all those wires will go to a little box on 
Clarence's desk... 
MEAT! 
Several of you have written about-meetung other phreaks 
in your area, Some feel that this would invite infiltration, 
and that meeting at electrical supply stores is probably a 
lot safer. This way you could see who you meet before you 
meet them. Then again, you don't know if they're in the 
"field" unless you ask. Others have said that if another 
phone phreak convention is held, that would be the ideal 
place. Or, again, YIPL could receive requests to meet 
other phreaks in your area, and send pairs of people the 
name and number of each other simultaneously, from rea- 
ders whom we feel are cool. If you send in, be patient. We'll 
try to match another reader, only one, for each request. 
HOT FLASHE 
A friendly Pa Bell worke? says that though most telephone 
kompanies use the amount of resistancé in 
ringing the bells 
on @ line to determine the number of phmes connected, in 
some (college) towns they run spot checks of total line re- 
sistances that detect phones even with the bell disconnected, 
So a good policy is to 
make up a one-line "conference" call 
maker (YIPL #1)and to leave the switch in the center-off 
position when not in use. 
MONKEY WARFARE- 
nical bandits 
st lies the coin- 
£ 
the little beasties you 
find they fall into two 
major types; the 
egg-headed cranker 
and the flat-faced change Sorter, The 
d change sor- 
ter was the pioneer of the modern gi 
of coin suckers. 
ot; it gages the 
coin's size and gives you 
for it. 
t two coins 
inserted are visible through two rounded windows(spray paint) 
and is very gullible. It sucks nickels, dimes, round pop tops, 
#14 brass washers. Also the larger pop tops with the tails 
attached and many other bulky items plug it and render it use- 
less till serviced. The egg-headed crander is more sophis- 
ticated. It comes with different slots on the side for different 
coins, and has a thumb and index crank like a nose on the 
middle of its face. It is much more selective in what it gives 
credit for. @ut #14 washers and, if you use great care, round 
Pop tops if they are both scotch taped can achieve the desired 
effect. (Be sure to carry something to push them in with like 
the pop top tab as the tape sometimes stops the "coins" from 
rolling in far enough.) WARNING: if you use funny money be 
generous, you don't want a ticket from a meter that is filled 
with washers, It might lead to embarassing questions). 
After tiring of the above methods and wishing to become a 
mass destroyer of meters, send to Edmund Scientific Go. 
(300 Edscorp Bldg. , Barrington, N, J. 08007) for their mass 
meter disabler (they call them giant surplus horseshoe mag- 
nets). A meter is after all a one-handed clock, and clocks 
and magnets don't mix. Their monster 5 Ib, job concealed in 
a pack or purse can stop a meter with a couple of rubs. 
After it is stopped any money deposited will give credit till 
city demagnetizes it, OFF 
A METER TODAY, IT'S GOOD 
FOR YOUR SOUL! AND IT FEELS GOOD TOO, 
JACK FLASH. IOWA-
A RED BOX IN EVERY POT 
If you are one of those readers who would love to build a 
red box but don't have electronic experience, the tape 
method is for you. With only a small cassette recorder 
(price-$25) and a telephone Pickup coil(about $2) you can 
easily and quickly record the sound of pay phone money. 
The pay phones are now Single-slot types which make a 
tone when you deposit coins, but the earpiece is discon- 
nected momentarily so that you hear nothing. But if you 
call up a friend and deposit money, he will hear it, He 
can then record the tones off of his Phone, and use them 
whenever he goes to a pay phone to make long-distance 
calls. 
‘The usual method is to have your friend call you at the 
Pay phone(one that rings; some don't) and this way you can 
deposit money and get it back when you hang up, Pickup & 
hang up again. You deposit 6 quarters, 2 dimes, and 2 
nickels. The tape can be played to the operator for a sum 
of $1.80, or rewound quickly for more quarters or dimes 
or whatever, 
Volume is important if the operator is to be fooled. The 
beeps should be loud and clear, with little background noise. 
A recorder with Automatic Level (AGC) is good to use for 
recording. For playback to the operator, a small 2 1/2" 
external speaker is useful, because you can easily take it 
away from the mouthpiece of the phone when you want to 
skip a particular coin sound. The correct volume is set 
as follows: At the pay phone, alternately play the tape and 
deposit money, holding the speaker about 1" from the phone 
mouthpiece, When your friend hears the two at the same 
tevel, mark the volume ‘control on the cassete for future use. 
It!s that easy] Use phone booths where people won't see you 
playing the recorder and become suspicious. And in case 
your suspicions are aroused, simply erase the tape. 
DEAR YIPL 
I have some black-box info you might be interested in. 
This info came from a Bell V. P, talking to his nephew. 
He says some central Offi¢es have a computer tied in to 
all its tandems which randomly checks the resistance of 
the calls going on. When it detects a low-resistance call it 
prints out all available info, your number, his number, time 
SuppoSedly the second time the same conditions are detected 
between the same two numbers someone gets screwed, usu- 
ally he who has the box. I can't Say how true all this is, 
but its plausible, they do have diagnostics equipment. 
In R.L,(A.C, 401) 959-XXXX (any numbers) gives a high 
Pitch that makes the tandem cheep, 958-XXXX gets some 
lineman's office. 955-XXXX gives employee new and Bell 
vropoganda.238-0000 
gives you a line that doesn't ring or 
answer, All should be free. It would be a great user ser- 
vice if you could compile and publish a list of what over- 
Seas senders go where, 
P. S, - I would appreciate it if you could clarify your 
mail status and how the F, Bl. gets your subscriber's 
names, 
-SAVROK, R.L - 
We bulk mail at the post office where they are broken up 
into different mail bags. From that point the issues are 
Scattered around the country, and our mail gets probably 
more mishandling than outright censoring, due to sloppily 
managed postal service. It is also Possible that certain 
individual postmen throw out YIPLs, but if a manager did 
it as policy it would leak out too fast. Cooperation between 
the post office and FBI in revealing subscriber names is 
totally illegal and would be very embarassing if leaked. Not 
to mention that we will sue all Parties involved if it occurs, 
All you postal workers let us know what treatment YIPL 
mail gets in your area, We might mention that we do not 
trade, sell, or otherwise expose our mailing list. 
Boycorr 
mr. 
The. 
for your enclesen bill. 
1. Held bill ar EACH END 
2. Move lett hand vwni it 
has right. Cbill wom has 
fold up addle) 
ves 
hands 
APART Axo 
3, Meves, hawt Morea 
% 
divers 
lay bill bermcen pelos 
awd clap 
Bi, 5.Spinnle AND 
ware bi 
Dent forget, 
oc) : 
DEAR YIPL 
‘Those individuals who are in the habit of squirting 
epoxy into pay phone coin slots would be better advised 
to squirt it into the locks instead. That way the machines 
will function in case someone needs it. Of course, up- 
right, moral YIPL readers love Pa Bell too much to do 
such a thing. 
-R.F.,LA, CAL, - 
DEAR YIPL 
Only problem with red box #16: faint tone(constant) in 
background with periodic soft beeps even when no button 
is depressed. Can anything be done? 
I bought what I thought were good quality ($1.20) Inter- 
national rectifier switches (coin silver contacts, etc.) and 
they're hogwash. Will look for better constructed versions. 
Thanks for all-you folks are beautiful, 
-MM, NY- 
You've got a leakage problem. Some possibilities are to 
decrease the 47K resistor on the base of the shorting 
transistor, decrease the 22K resistor of the same trans- 
istor, or increase the 5 mfd. capacitor in the emitter 
circuit, Or try this: Move the collector of the shorting 
transistor to the other side of the .01 mfd. capacitor. This 
will almost surely load the oscillator beyond hope when the 
shorting transistor is turned on, but may affect the charac- 
ter of the beeps. It shouldn't 
be too serious, however. 
Probucts ! 
Hestace, Cup Canes 
ictater 
Support D 
EASY Te Foitow Ins TAvCTIONS 
BUILDASNOOP LIGHT 
CAUTION: THIS IS NOT A FOOLPROOF FONE TAP DETEC- 
TOR, but it's great for finding out if all the extensions in your 
home are hung-up. So if you're going to talk about "Konfiden- 
tial Matters" or other "Dopee Subjects" you're sure that when 
you say "I've got it maw" no one else has it too. 
To insure that all phones on your end of a conversation are 
hung-up, construct the very simple line voltage detector shown 
here, The light 
bulb is a 5 volt miniature type, such 
as a 1490 
or ano, 27. Ideal is the phone company's own tiny slide-base 
jJamps found in multi-button (hold-button) Phones. For these , 
use a 470 ohm, 1/2 watt resistor to lengthen the life. ‘The 
capacitor is a 50 midi, , 100 volts or greater electrolytic type. 
Get the parts out of any radio or electrical store for about $2. 
‘Then connect each of the two contacts from the light to the two 
contact wires of the capacitor, and install both 
the 
blue wire(inside the phone) and the "F" Screw, where the blue 
wire normally connects to. Be careful not to touch other screws 
or wires with the new parts you install. Carefully wrap up the 
connections with tape and close up the phone. Test thé light by 
Picking up the phone. The light will light, and if someone picks 
up an extension, it will go very dim or completely out. 
HOW IT WORKS: When a fone is in use(without a black box) 
the voltage on your phone line drops to about 4 volts, If the 
lamp is wired as shown, the 4 volts will flow through it when 
the phone is picked up. If another phone is used, the line drops 
to only 2 volts, and the light gets weaker. This other phone, 
however, must be on your phone line, and not, for example, on 
the line of 
a friend you're talking to, The capaciwr allows the 
high ringing voltage to pass around the lamp, so that the bulb is 
not accidentally fizzed if the pnone 1s picked up during a ring, 
You can install this in any normal dial phone, even if already 
equipped with a black box (Issue 11), The light will not light 
during free long-distance calls, however since we don't make 
free long-distance calls that's a minor problem, no? 
TOWAROS REAR OF PHONE 
{ 
we are in the midst of the 
‘Watergate, with all kinds of 
hearings and charges and the 
like, and everybody trying to see 
who at the White House is involved, 
when in fact the real criminals are not 
even being mentioned! Impossible? Not in 
korporate Amerikal The AT&T-owned Chesa- 
peake and Potomac Telephone Kompany was in every 
way part of the Watergate bugging operation. And 
don't believe for a minute that The Phone Kompany 
helps police as a rule, AT&T is Nixon's friend, 
not McGovern's. AT&T makes profits off the 
war, inflation, and wage controls, just as 
ITT, related to AT&T only by being a 
huge ripoff Korporation, and by the fact 
that ITT's anti-trust bribe makes it 
the other hidden ‘criminal in Water- 
gate. Nixon and politicians go on 
trial, but the real criminals go 
lon Welfare-with you footing the 
dill. ITT's other relationship 
to AT&T is that they buy 
used, beat-up phone booths 
from Bell for South Am- 
ericans! ITT's Memphis 
credit card is 525 8406 
187 K(Area Code 901) 
Don't buy Morton 
frozen shit, Avis, 
Wonder, Hostess, 
or stay ata 
Sheraton Inn. 
Tell all the 
people you 
meet to 
do the 
same! 
LIGHT BULB 
GLUE WIRE 
Rom DIAL 
and your 
Shading hen’ 
If resistor is not needed, simply replace it with a piece of wire. 
YIPLIS 
YIPL is anti-corporate technology 
° 
YIPL is how to do it 
2 
YIPL is for you 
YIPL is you 
YIPL is you sending in articles 
YIPL is you teaching others 
XIPL is you yelling at us when we say dumb things 
¥IPL is us yelling at you when you don't say things 
YIPL is in need of your support, and your friends 
AT&T and ITT want to crush YIPL, but they know that 
pag is growing into the whole lot of together people that 
L is, 
WZ 
Sac % 
7 °° 
ws 
light.
It's not just the rate increases that burn me up about Bell. 
It's those local calls that sound like there's an atomic war 
on, after you've dialed a wrong number three times in a row. 
It's that lousy Bell service. 
Lousy service comes from rotten equiptment and asinine 
employees. The equiptment is rotten because Bell doesn't 
feel like buying new equiptment. It costs money and doesn't 
make money for them. Thus, there is no reason. People 
don't enjoy peircing tones that blow their ears out, or taps 
and clicks constantly on their private conversations. But 
people don't count, unless they're the few who own stock, 
lots of stock, It's a fact that in New York City the phone com- 
pany puts the new equiptment in the richer areas and badly 
neglect service in predominantly non-white areas. Recently 
they sent out printed leaflets in the bills saying that they 
were changing to a new dial tone to improve service. Result- 
a new dial tone with no improvement in service. 
The employees are another problem. Though there are 
many polite employees, the bad ones do their best to make 
up for their numbers. They listen to your conversations, 
act like they do you a favor, and cut you off if you start to 
get apoplectic from not being able to strangle them, It has 
often happened that an operator will accuse you of being a 
bother or of lying to them, and they then pronounce your 
sentence- your phone will be disconnected for the night. Too 
bad you only get credit if service is cut for 24 straight hours. 
And if you call the business office you get to talk to the latest 
invention of Bell Laboratories-computor people. They recite 
certain phrases and no others. Sometimes they blow a fuse 
and keep repeating phrases in random incoherent tones. 
You don't have to be sick to work for Bell; as their ads 
say, "We'll train you". Why do some operators monitor 
your calls? Because operators themselves are harassed 
and monitored by their supervisors, and the supervisors 
don't make clicks when they listen to you_and the operator. 
Employees are treated like children, like boy scouts, or 
as if they're in the army (2s many employees are hired 
because they're "pre-disciplined"), Employees are urged 
to act like they have some personal stake in AT&T and to 
protect its equiptment with their life. Little insects that 
eat cloth wire remain a pain in the ass to operators bodies 
because Pa Bell won't spray their fossilized equiptment or 
(God forbid!) replace it with plastic wires. Profits before 
People-AT&T's Success Story! 
But cheer up folks! 
Soon AT&T will eliminate thousands 
of jobs by charging 
for information calls, brainwashing us 
into dialing our own calls, and soon there will just be one 
big daddy computor®AND THAT'S ALL! Who needs people 
“27 Light and Sound Weapon Tested 
we repgited 
I 
mnagurine ssa in 
of the 
of prove 
s. Sule 
‘uy Has 
dh they see 
and ther 
the rest feel a 
contributions, 
19 
its, 
2 
apidly flashing lights. will 
ger attacks not oaly in 
{known epileptics but in about 4 
Per cent of apparenily normal 
people as well."” New Scientist 
said. 
BACK ISSUES-50¢ 
1+ Extensions, conference switches 
2+ Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripoffs 
3+ Telecommand Story 
4- Pey Phone Issue 
5- Blue Box 1 Now obsolete 
& Blue Box 2 
‘ing your organ 
card calls and 1972 code 
per project(See issue 11) 
14-International Calls & AT&T Papers 
15-1973 Credit Code. 
T Network 
16-Red Box Plans 
17-Red Box, Line Relay 
18-Call St 
PA 
How 
Re not to get 
ving Lon 
e 
cals 
I-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/ 
DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE: 
Just 
Send as much info as you want back in a 
stamped, self-addressed envelope, 
YIPL. c/o TAP, room 418, 152 W. 42 St., NYC 
Mailing adaress only, don't send cash, PLEASE! 
HEAD CRASH 
Using the same format as "Destructory Assistance", Head 
Crash will try to distribute info relating to computor systems, 
WE HAVE- passwords and account numbers, some “operator 
only" commands for the PDP-10, and a program which will 
print out all jobs and account numbers under IBM's HASP 360 
system. 
WE NEED - more account numbers and passwords, listings 
of cancer, virus, "the green Phantom" etc, and any operator 
only commands for any system. 
10036 
R, SYSTAT 
BE ALL YOU CAN BE-READ 
A case of Steal This Book has been donated to raise money 
for YIPL and we're offering them at $2.25 each. YIPL also 
reccommends Monopoly, an amazing look at AT&T that will 
astound even veteran phreaks with all it's dirt, They're at 
$1.20 each, Both prices include postage. 
YIPL is that kind of thing that you don't subscribe to unless 
you have to, Since we all have to, it's $4ia year, If you can't 
afford ¥4.you really need YIPL so it's free. Renew your 
subscription if the number next toyour address is less than 
9. (Free subs must renew also. Just serid-us a note, please. ) 
Published for informational purposes only by the Youth International Party Line 
YIPL will not demand payment on any item 
listed if you are short on funds. 
A 
this news-fact sheet is supported by your 
However