NO. 27 
NOVEMBER 1974 
Yes, after 6 months in the pits we're back! Our 
unannounced vacation took place for several reasons 
the main one being a shortage of help and a surplus 
of work, By now we have sold alot of back issues & 
the income has helped to put us solidly in the black. 
We will try to come out fairly regularly from now 
on, but this depends also on reader contributions & 
printing costs. We are also planning a 1975 Conven- 
tion and need ideas for the convention from evéryone. 
Possibly contests and exhibits and such. Please 
write to us if you've got suggestions. 
In addition, we will be having technical seminars 
as always. If you are well-versed in any phase of 
phreaking covered in TAP or otherwise, please get 
in touch with us to teach at the convention. 
Dear TAP, 
Checking the guide to Subversive Organizations and 
Publications (House document 398) I noticed the 
absence of TAP or YIPL-Then I noticed the date 
was 1961. Did you make the new list? 
Anyway, tell your readers that it's illegal to re- 
move the dialing instruction plate on payphones 
(below dial) if they were planning on using a high 
carbon bit on a hand drill to drill a hole exactly 
a 
2 3/4" to the right and 5/8" down. 
Not only is it 
illegal, but if 
someone were to. accidentally poke 
the end of a paperclip through the hole, it would do 
all sorts of terrible things like releasing all the 
money they had just put in to make a long distance 
call, preventing them from supporting the wonder- 
ful phone company. (Note- drill wili cut through 
cast iron case, though not steel lock or coin box.) 
-NEW YORK- 
-And the dialing instruction plate could be put 
back in, obscuring the hole and allowing nefarious 
individuals to continue their plundering-TAP, 
Dear TAP, 
On a recent trip to Paris I was able to make free 
calls to any point in the U.S, (except Hawaii) and 
Europe from a special yellow public telephone booth 
Situated all over Paris called "Interurbain". The 
only ‘catch was that the called party had to be muted 
otherwise a loud tone makes conversation impos- 
sible. As you know,the mute prevents supervision, 
on overseas trunks this is accomplished by sending 
2400 Hz to the culling party C.O., indicating that 
the called party has answered. It is the lack of the 
2400 Hz tone which prevents the loud blocking tone 
from coming on the Paris phone. 
Wait for dial tone, dial 19, wait for a second 
dial tone, then dial 1 + area code + number. I tried. 
to otf a 800 or 555 number, but you can't dial them 
nor off any number for that matter with an SF. I'm 
not sure, but you might be able to do this from other 
European cities. I believe that the black box is in- 
ternational, since most European telephone systems 
are still step or crossbar. 
-NEW YORK- 
UP FROM THE PITS! 
NEW BLUE BOX INFO 
We've gotten feedback on the New Blue Box Cir- 
cuit (Issue 26), One problem of the circuit is that 
all the diodes for one frequency must be matched. 
The Motorola Silicon dual diode MSD 6150 (common 
anode) saves PC board space and is a matched pair. 
25¢ each in’ 100 quantity. If regular diodes are to be 
used, use only silicon, Though we said germanium 
diodes are ok, they usually have too much leakage 
current and the pots will cross-affect each other, 
In fact, you can eliminate the hassle and match- 
ing of diodes altogether by using double-pole push- 
buttons. Polypaks sells a $6.88 General Telephone 
Data entry keyboard with 10 buttons. You'll need 
2 more DPST and a SPST for 2600, but you'll save 
money on diodes. The same 10 trimpots are used. 
And keep the wiring to the pots and switches good 
and secure electrically. A loose connection is a 
changing frequency. We also have an unchecked 
report that eliminating diodes with double pole 
switches makes the regulator unnecessary. 
Dear TAP, 
As for picking Medeco and Keso locks you can for- 
get it, Medeco is a sidebar type of lock like the 
Briggs and Stratton locks G, M. uses in their cars, 
Locksmiths usually use codes for auto locks as 
they can't pick them, A more efficient method for 
vending machines would be to use an awl & 5 Ib. 
hammer to make a hole in the sheet metal of the 
cabinet and then a nibbling tool (for electronic con- 
struction) to enlarge the hole enough to.reach in and 
disengage the lock cylinder from the locking bolts. 
The nibbler can be bought at Lafayette or Radio 
Shack but may not cut through all thicknesses of 
machine doors, 
-COLORADO- 
Dear TAP, 
According to the NE. T. news line, you people are 
breaking the state law of Mass, when you published 
the 1975 Credit Card Code. Upon conviction you can 
be fined $2000 and get a year in the slammer. When 
Iheard this I called the head of Security in Boston 
with a phoney c.c. number and told him what I was 
doing. ‘Then T asked him what he was going to do 
about it, Was he éver pissed off. Yours in conspir- 
acy- 
Stainless Steel Rat 
Device catches obscene callers 
and other phone criminals 
A new system from Telident Ine. con- 
ects to any telephone and displays 
the incoming caller's number. Its pur- 
pose is to help catch obscene and 
other objectionable phone callers. The 
caller's number and exchange remain 
visible throughout the call: this. pin. 
points any phone being used for the 
‘obscene call, whether it’s a private or 
pay phone. The maker says the sys- 
tem will also discourage those making 
bomb threats or ransom demands, if 
Contact Telident, Ine, 304 8, Broad- you sre bothered with these robloms 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1974 
Mcvement groups may reprint with TAP's address, 
und please send us a copy of reprinted work.
MORE FREE 
Our article on Free Electricity prompted great 
reader response and we've got more info on how to 
do it. Several meters were sent to us and we've 
learned alot about how they work, 
Several readers suggested that the speed-adjust 
screws do work but not very well and are sometimes 
labeled backwards to confuse Robin Hoods. However, 
we tested the New York standard meter which is a 
Westinghouse DSN, and found that the front screw 
was labeled correctly (F for Fast is counterclock- 
wise) and could reduce the meter by 40%! And the 
Screw on the side can make the meter start moving 
in the wrong direction if you turn it enough! These 
revelations are very encouraging indeed. The other 
meters also have adjustment screws, and one un- 
marked meter with large brown coils inside had 5 
speed adjustment screws! 
Most home meters are of the 220 volt dual-phase 
(3-wire) type which supplies 110 and 220 volts at the 
same time. There are two 110 volt "hot" wires 
that are out of phase with each other, which means 
that there is 220 volts between them, and there isa 
ground wire. From either hot wire to ground is 110 
volts. One reader writes in that on the 220 volt, GE 
single phase meters, about a 50% reduction in 
rotor speed can be obtained by wiring the potential 
coil so it receives only 110 volts, not 220. The pot- 
ential coil is the small coil wound out of thin wire & 
connected in shunt across the load side of the meter. 
This is accomplished as follows: 
1, Remove meter from socket. (Issue 23) 
2. Remove case from meter (usually unscrews). 
8. Locate the 2 small wires that are connected to 
the two line terminals (bottom two terminals). 
4, Disconnect either of these wires (but not both), 
from the line terminal it's attached to. 
5. Connect it to the ground terminal. This is the 
smallest prong on the back of the meter and usually 
points a different way(like horizontal), Of course, 
you're connecting it not on the back‘of the meter, 
but on the inside of the back, as the ground terminal 
goes through the plastic back of the meter. 
6. Get electric heat. It's cheaper! 
OUNCAN 
crbuna Prong 
Current Coils 
LINE 
(Thick Wire) 
(From 
Potential Coil 
Con Ed) 
Compensating rE | 
(Voltage Coil) 
Coil 
Thin Wires 
NORMAL GE. METER 
oe 
GE. METER AT 
HAL F-SPEED 
LOAD 
Ground Prong 
° 
COTO 
ELECTRICITY 
Before doing this you should make sure that your 
meter has the same hookup as the GE meter used 
in the above letter. Some meters have a different 
hookup. For example, the Westinghouse DSN has a 
voltage coil across one side of the line and ground, 
2 
LOAD 
LINE 
Resistors 
Voltage Coil 
Neon Bulb: 
\, 
WES T/NG HOUSE 
Ground‘ Prong 
DSN 
Oo 
NORMALLY, So this can't be "Halved". The Duncan 
128 has TWO voltage coils, one from each side of 
the line to ground. One controls the reading of your 
110 volt appliances, and the other controls the read- 
ing of your 220 volt appliances, On this meter, the 
meter will have to be tested to see which voltage 
is controlled by the two screws on the back. Turn 
on a 220 volt appliance(with the screws loosened and 
the metal piece pulled out) and see if the wheel turns 
faster. If it does, the screws control your 110.volt 
appliances. If not, then your air conditioner and 
other 220 volt units will only cost half as much. 
Meter disable 
‘Screws on back 
voltage coils 
Ground Prong 
1aS 
LOAD 
(To You) 
We hear you
All the meters we tested have 5 prongs. 2 are the 
input, 2 are the output and 1 is ground. Disconnect- 
ing the ground stops the meter but leaves you with 
the lights on, Breaking off the pin and putting back 
the meter is good, but less suspicion will be arous- 
ed if you bend the prong(the ground 
prong is the odd _ one out of place 
.. 
from the others and pointed a dif- 
ferent way) so that it doesn't go in it's socket. In 
the Westinghouse meter they have a cute circuit to 
show whether this has been done, Disconnecting the 
ground or another wire makes a neon light in the 
meter glow, alerting the meter reader. If you have 
this type of meter, you can disconnect the bulb, or 
remove it and blow it out. Just make sure it looks 
like it's working but simply not lit. To blow out the 
bulb, hook it in series with a 500 ohm resistor of 
10 watts or more to a wall socket and let it slowly 
burn itself out. 
We're told that a GE type 1-60-S meter can be 
slowed down 4% (every little bit helps!) with the 
adjustment screw, but as in all meters, GENTLY! 
You don't want to damage the meter, 
It's also been suggested that to remove the seals 
that hold the meter closed, just snip it as close to 
the plastic or lead part and bend the end over so 
that it will grip the inside of the hole again when it's 
re-used, 
Another idea is to simply turn over the meter and 
it will run in reverse, unfortunately this is easy for 
a meterman to spot and is usually impossible with 
5-prong meters which are the most common, 
Most electric companies estimate your bill for 
several months and adjust it when the meter is act- 
ually read, which is less often than every month, 
It's good to know, however, when the man actually 
comes if your setup is slightly 
detectable. If he's 
on to you, does 
anyone know if it's legal to offer him 
@ present to keep it in the. family? (Not for him, but 
for you). Let's hear from the lawyers out there. 
Dear TAP, 
For your edification, I'm enclosing a photocopy of 
the current ITT Telex guide showing country codes, 
If you have access to a teleprinter, you can access 
the ITT system quite easily by dialing 710-599-3211, 
Dita Beard will welcome you. Many universities 
have time-sharing computer terminals that could be 
used, You know, Iassume, that the code for TWX 
operators is 954-1212. You can dial most any big- 
city area code plus the code and get the operator. 
More common than mail tampering is the MAIL 
WATCH. The postman delivers your mail--but he 
makes a record of the return address on every 
piece, Recommended: a Canadian post office box. 
Ever since Lee Harvey Oswald, Americm Post- 
masters have required positive ID from prospective 
box renters, Not so in Canada, and the price is 
right-about $10/yr. in small towns. Good for order- 
ing reagents, 
We understand that the British Post Office and 
Scotland Yard are now battling the SILVER BOX 
(also known as a 'bleep'). Inasmuch as out-of-band 
signalling is far more common than in-band class 5 
types (cf. Japan, Australia, Europe) is is urgent 
that North American phreaks inform themselves on 
this subject, Other than info about prosecutions, 
nothing has been received so far. We are continuing 
to monitor all legal developments in phreaking on a 
regular basis. Of course black boxing should be easy 
even under an out-of-band system, but redirecting 
calls? And what codes would access overseas send- 
ers? 
Re Con Ed: Happily I am far removed from them 
these days, Telling thém that you are a new tenant 
often. doesn't work without a lease to prove it. You 
have to pretend to be the OLD tenant, and say you 
are moving. (Give any old address), That gets you 
off the hook; they transfer your account, especially 
if they already have a deposit. After the account is 
cleared up on the computer (remember, they use 
microfilm for their records, and it's several days 
behind) you can open your new account. 
-CANADA-. 
Dear TAP, 
A few years ago a friend and I were into faking the 
money dropping in old 3 slot payphones by using an 
old payphone top, containing the bell and gong for 
coin sounds, Thru operator responses, visiting the 
switchboards, and looking at coin collect mechan- 
isms, I discovered that when handling a payphone 
call, a red light is lit on the operator's switchboard 
until the 1st coin drops, After that the light goes 
out and a green light goes on & stays on until money 
is collected or returned, when the green goes off & 
the red comes on.again. The lights don't indicate 
if the money was collected or returned, just ifa 
first coin was deposited, and whether the lever has 
returned to normal position after collect or return. 
On some operator boards, they have a BV key. 
One operator told me that she was only told it was 
for computer access to dial Rate & Route, such as 
BV 009 ST, then KP-AC-XXN-XXN-1-ST(firstXXN 
is desired exchange, second is calling exchange) 
to get the computer-generated voice. But BV can 
also get local verification, which the fuckheads 
didn't tell our operators. Is there an MF tone to the 
BV key? What is it? Does anyone know how to use 
the 700 + 1700 coin collect and 1100 + 1700 coin 
return tones? 
-KANSAS- 
YOU CAN HELP TAP 
If you can contribute any information that you think other 
readers would be interested in, please do so, TAP readers 
are the main source of our information. You can help by 
meeting employees of phone and power companies, alarm 
places, etc., and asking ther about questions other people 
raise in the newsletter. Be sure to get details and maintain 
contact in case you have additional questions. Most empl- 
oyees of those companies would be glad to screw their boss 
and they'd probably be interested :n TAP, too. We hope 
that a lot of you will gather information so we know what 
the scene is around the country and Canada, 
All information is free if you can't afford it. Let us know. 
L?-Red Box, Line Relay 
13:¢a11 Stopper 
18-Snoop Light 
BACK ISSUES-60¢ 
20-Cheese Box 
21 Automatic Phone Tap 
conference switenes 
22-Answerco 
3° Telecommand’siry TPE 
BS” Pree Electricity 
4 Pay Phone laswe 
24- Fraud Detectors, Index, 
EB Brim acm 
19! Code 
i ‘-New Red Box, Free Gas 
Sumer Durer Propegytec ine 1) © 26- New Blue Box 
L-Receivios lo distance calls 
tree 
ANTI-BELL BUTTON $06 1 
Ucfecsts ers dca 
DESTRUCTOR 
Y ABSISTANCES 
G0 just 
1S-tnerratonal Calls te Ps 
Zend as much info as you want baer if 
tional Calle RivcT Papers, 
Simbad sell-adressed ontens 
ECE Cred ate, 7 Rewer 
Head Crash~Send us computer pass- 
words & codes for more of same, 
FACT SuEETS-29¢ 
Send 
self-addressed 
em 
1.New Credit Card Fact Steet 
self-addressed envelope, please, 
('74 Code and How to do it Safely) 
steal Tats Book-$2.25 
2,Recesving Long Diets 
énovely- $1.20 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US bulk rate $4, 
US 
First Class in plain sealed envelope $6. 
Canada stapled $6 
Foreign 
$7. 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 ¥, 42 ST..N.Y.,N-Y. 10036 
Mailing address only, check Or money onder only, NO CASH
Dear TAP, 
Thought I'd write and tell the rest of Phreakdom 
about a technique for tapping neighbor's phone lines 
that I used to use, for whatever it's worth. The 
problem with a direct tap is that sooner or later, 
some phone company type is going te.come and 
check the line. To make it indetectable: 
We are going to use the 2 spare wires of the 4- 
wire cable running to your phone(usually yellow & 
black). First locate your cable and the tappee's 
cable in the main box for your apartment. (A phone 
with clip leads will help). Then trim to length and 
strip the ends of the 2 wires. They should be just 
long enough to reach the terminals of the other 
phone with NO slack. The wires should then be at- 
tached to the terminals just loose enough so that 
they pull off easily. Straighten and strip some of the 
other cables' yellow and black wires too so that 
your's won't look different later. Then run a big 
wire.(12 gauge house wire is fine) under your wires 
as shown. Close the box lid as tight as possible and 
twist the wire ends together as shown. Now when 
the box is opened the wires willbe ripped loose. 
The Foneperson will not cut the outside wire before 
opening it up because the whole thing might fall 
apart. With a DPDT toggle switch (and line relays, 
recorders, etc.) you may now freely use the line. 
A BB will be safe and cause no charge to the other 
party's line-Ed. 
T built the Red Box from your last issue and like 
it. The two diodes feeding the 500K pots for 5¢ and 
10¢ aren't needed, I'm also doing research on 
bank machines and "money cards". If I can crack 
their code on the cards and rewrite them it could 
be good for $1000 a day. I will appreciate any help 
on this (bank employees could really help). 
-INDIANA- 
Dear TAP, 
"The best things’in life are free, almost..." ac- 
cording to the Theta Cable TV ads in Los Angeles. + 
On April 26 Theta introduced the "Z channel". You 
can watch first run movies for $6.95 per month for 
the first TV and $1.95 for each addt'l TV, right? 
Wrong! Because if you want to watch the Z channel 
all you have to do is press the "2" and the "8" but- 
tons on the channel selector at the same time. So 
don't forget, 
2+ 8 = Z, And it's freel 
-THETA, The goddess of TV 
‘Your Line 
\| 
Your Black 
and Yellow 
Wires 
oo oe oO 
x 
His Line 
I—~Box Cpen 
ys 
Box Closed: 
Dear TAP, 
Alabama Power has increased my line voltage from 
115 to 180 volts. They won't lower the voltage(they 
claim it's impossible) and I have blown the flyback 
transformers on 2 TV sets. This voltage increase 
has also increased my electric bill by 27%. I know 
the Power Company is having difficulty but if they 
are going to raise their line voltage and cheat me into 
into paying 27% more I'd like to cheat back. Here is 
the formula for computing your own power company's 
ripoff on you: 
Power= Voltage X Current so if the voltage is upped 
the increase in power is: 
Power increase= (New voltage)? - (Old voltage)” 
(Old voltage)? 
Multiply this by 100 to get the percentage increase. 
So, All an electric company has to do for an 
Instant rate increase is step up the line voltage. 
My 
electric company has done this to me without regard 
for my appliances or my pocketbook. Any back is- 
sues that you have to help me outiox their meters 
will allow me to strike back. 
-ALABAMA- 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
TAP, ROOM S04, 152 W.42 ST.,NY,NY 10036 
27 
Hot line cooled 
LONDON (UPI) — “I'm a post office engineer,” siid 
the voice on the telephone to Mrs. Hannah’ O'Flaher . 
“Your phone is in danger of overheating and bursting into 
flames. Place the handset in a bowl of water.” 
Mrs. O'Flaherty did so. Five hours later, a straight- 
faced official ofthe telephone exchange told her: 
“Placing receivers in water is not, 
and never will be, an 
‘emergency repair technique."” 
THE STAR-LEDGER, Monday, March 25, 1974