QUESTION 
What do you suppose old Alex really said when he spilled 
the acid on himself? Could it be that History's first phone 
call was an obscene one?! 
Agent 038 
{If you didn't understand it, we will explain it in a future 
issue.) 
ULTIMATE RED BOX by AlBelt 
JUNE 1976 
NO.36 
SPST 
Momentary 
Pushbuttons 
= 
Ground (Negative end of 9 volt battery) 
NEN 
‘The circuit is easy to build on perf-board, and cheap 
Ve LM oO 
‘Transistor 
because the most expensive part, the XR-2240, costs 
ve 
fe 
under $3,00 at most mail-order electronics stores (the 
Our 
our 
E 
l. 8 
Stores are listed in TAP Course B and Issue 29), 
Top v 
e 
To tune the two oscillators, disconnect one at a time by 
v= 
View ¥" 
Bottom View 
removing one end of its 15K resistor, and then tune the 
other oscillator for its proper frequency with a frequency 
Resistors - 1/4 watt, 10% 
counter or any of the methods outlined in Issues 7, 12, 
Op-Amp - 741CV (National, Signetics, etc.) 
or 16. Do the same for the other oscillator. Of course, 
Capacitors are in mfd. Values above . 5 mfd 
determining the pitch of an oscillator that's gating on 
are electrolytic, 15 volts or more. Observe 
and off is not easy, so for tuning connect the top of the 
proper polarity in these units, 
3 
15K resistor right to V+ and a constant tone will result. 
ae 
a pna-signal silicon, 1N914, 1N4002, 
More information on calibrating frequency sources will be 
Po oe cOK i 
10 or 20 turn trimpots 
given in upcoming articles. 
Timer. a ema 
0 
or 
bi 
pots, 
‘The circuit runs quite well on a standard 9 volt battery or 
Patan Sonate by Exar. 
t 
the small 8,2 volt cells now becoming popular. 
_ 
. 
ash 
* momentary, 5p s.t 
The speed at which the tones gate on and off is determined 
‘ood 
units made by Alco, Grayhill 
and 
C&K. 
by the resistance to pin 13, In the schematic, the 5, 6K 
resistor controls the 5¢ and 10¢ gating speed, while the 
This is the Ultra-new Red Box that uses the new Exar 
8. 2K resistor determines the speed of the 25¢ tones. Of 
programmable counter-timer. This Red Box is different 
course, with this circuit the speeds can be ¢ 
‘and 
from all others in that it actually counts to 1, 2, or 5 as 
the number of pulses (1, 
2 or 5) will remain oaeae the 
the case may be. The old versions, you may recall, 
same. Neat, huh? 
would produce a time "window" that the user would 
° 
’ 
adjust to allow the required number of pulses to fit in. 
This adjustment, if done carelessly, would allow 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976 - Do not*make checks 
5 1/2 or 4 1/2 pulses on the 25¢ tone, for example. 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
This circuit incorporates the new dual tones that are 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
rapidly becoming the standard throughout the country, 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
1700 Hz and 2200 Hz. 
Warning: We will prosecute copyright violators.
ODDS & ENDS by TOM EDISON 
THE TAP T-SHIRTS ARE FINALLY HERE!!! The cost 
is $4. The TAP T-shirts are white with black TAP logo. 
We're only making a few so order right away. Make sure 
you are "HIP TO YIP" this summer at the Democratic 
National Convention! Please make all checks payable to 
TAP, 
I received a request from a reader in West Virginia in- 
quiring how to connect your own battery to my Automatic 
Black Box (See issue #33) for increased volume. I sent him 
a possible solution and he wrote back informing me that 
the circuit is working well: 
+ RING 
Z=56 volt zener 
5 watts 
R 
D=diode 100 piv 
DPDT 
=6-24 volt battery 
KOhm Pot, audio taper with on-off switch 
‘The standard 10 K ohm resistor is NOT needed. The 
capacitor passes the audio but blocks the DC voltage which 
results in an "on-hook" condition. The 1 K ohm pot gives 
you 2 level control for YOUR voice. 
And speaking of Black Box modifications here's a circuit 
sent in by a reader from Brooklyn, N. Y. on how to connect 
a phone answering device to the Auto Black Box: 
Z=56 volt zener 
5 watts 
Dediode 100 piv 
lamp 
DPDT 
R=10 KOhm resistor, 1/2 watt 
C=1 MFD capacitor, 100 wvDC 
‘The device is connected between the two diodes but please 
note that only answering devices equipped with A & Al 
terminals can be connected this way. Only the better 
machines have these terminals clearly marked. On the el 
cheapo equipment they are either not available or hidden. 
Check out the schematic diagram that usually comes with 
the answering device and you may be able to find these two 
unused terminals, 
In my "Odds & Ends" last month I told how to use your 
MF Red Box but 
I failed to mention a very important point. 
You will recall that Pa Bell is now having operators check 
o determine if coins are being deposited so it is now 
necessary to redeposit a slug to reset the coin relay and 
get at least one real "beep" and then "beep" the balance 
with your Red Box, It is now more important than ever 
to have your Red Box on frequency. If the operator hears 
a tone difference she'll know you're boxing. Also, you 
should know if the pay phone you're using has the new MF 
tone generator set on one or two tones. It's doubtful if the 
operators know which pay phones are single tone and which 
are MF tones but if you use a new MF Red Box on a Single 
tone pay phone the operator sure as hell will know you're 
boxing if you deposit a slug to get one real "official Bell" 
beep and then beep the balance with MF tones. To determine 
if the corner pay phone is 
le or MF tone have a friend 
call from the pay phone and 
Black 
Box the call. Now have 
him deposit coins. He won't hear anything because the 
earpiece is shorted but you will hear the beeps and can 
easily tell if they're single or MF tone. And because 
you're boxing the call he'll get all deposited coins back 
when he hangs up. Since you're actually testing the pay 
phone for an out of tune condition Pa Bell should be glad 
to foot the bill, don't you agree? 
TELEPHONE ELECTRONICS LINE, better known as 
TEL, 
has lost its suit wi 
was forced to 
‘commit the unpardonable sin of turning over their mail- 
ing list to PT&T. (We don't intend TAP subscribers to 
suffer the same fate. Only one person has access to the 
mailing list. He and it are being wired to self-destruct 
in the case of attack ) The Gestapo tactics of PT&T's in- 
security department has included the mailing of a threat 
note telling all TEL subscribers to not only remove all 
"foreign" equipment from their phone but demanding that 
all back issues of TEL and related TEL publications be 
destroyed! They've got fuckin'balls! Asking to remove 
homemade equipment is one thing but demanding that 
printed information be destroyed just reeks of 1984,8-1, 
and Fahrenheit 4511! While TEL left much to be desired 
and at best can only be considered an illegitimate offspring 
of TAP they are nevertheless to be applauded for printing 
information that apparently pissed off PT&T enough to 
take them to court, My own gut reaction 
to the tactics 
of 
PT&T can be sumed up in two words: Phuck youl For you 
customers "served" by P&T may I suggest that you 
look to GT&E or some other independent telephone company 
for all your future business. And for all TEL subscribers 
who received PT&T's threat note, may I suggest that you 
either roll it up and smoke a joint in it or keep it handy 
in the smallest room in your house and put it to good use 
whenever you get the urge from Mother Nature, 
Ever have Pa Bell charge you for a long distance call 
that you never made? This annoyance 
is due to the usual 
billing incompetence of Bell and due to a new breed of 
telephone linemen who are misusing that staple of the 
Phone company, the lineman's test set. You know the one 
I'm talking about. The blue handset with the dial built 
into the earpiece and the special "roach" clips with center 
spikes for easy access to, thick rubber insulated wires. 
Ever wonder what the hell they're doing on the pole for 
such a long time? They're calling their friends using 
your phone line, With bis test set all he has to do is clip 
onto a pair of wires, wait for dial tone, and dial away. 
Bell is trying to keep this growing occurance under wraps 
but news of this abuse has leaked out.
Here's some more good news, Litton Industries has 
recently sued Pa Bell for $333 million in damages charging 
Bell of monopolizing the manufacture, distribution, sale- 
rental and leasing of terminal equipment. Good luck Litton! 
And speaking about blasting Big Brother Bell, let me add 
my 2¢ worth. On March 18, 1976 the FCC, in one of the 
smartest decisions they've ever made, ruled that subscribers 
could legally own and connect terminal equipment to their 
phone lines, Basically this meant that you could buy and own 
@ phone and hook it yourself to your phone line. Bell panicked 
-at the thought of all the money they'd loose in equipment 
rentals, You cannot legally own Bell equipment and before 
you start screaming about all the different types of "Fun- 
Fones" currently being "sold" by Bell let me remind you 
that the only part of those phones that you really own is the 
plastic housing, Bell retains ownership to all the components 
including earpiece, mouthpiece, dial or touch tone pad, ringer, 
network, and all connecting cords. So if you want to spend 
$60 for a piece of plastic, go ahead! 
For the first time people in authority are beginning to 
question the necessity of Bell's monopoly, Bell finally 
realizes that Washington and the public aren't going to be 
snowed by Bell bull shit any longer! Bell recently launched 
a three prong counter attack. First, pressure was put on 
‘Washington and the FCC by Bell's powerful lobby. Second, 
TELENEWS, Bell's propaganda handout inclosed with your 
‘phone bill, carried editorials denouncing the attack on its 
monopoly and warning that you will get worse service (if 
that's possible) and a higher phone bill if Bell has to compete 
with other companies. And third, Bell went to its stockholders 
and warned them that if they didn't get off their fat asses and 
write their Congressmen (who are probably too busy screwing 
their secretaries!) in support of any and all pro Bell legislation 
the dividends would be smaller than whale shit and would 
undoubtable force many stockholders to collect welfare. The 
results of this campaign have been moderately successful. 
‘The FCC ruling has been appealed and temporarily shelved. 
Bell is continuing to claim that its monopoly is necessary to 
maintain service. Bell also claims that it looses money on 
every private line phone and needs the revenues it gets from 
the rental of extra equipment to subsidise this loss. Bull shit! 
‘The majority of Bell customers have only one line so based 
on their own statement Bell should be broke. Not so! Bell's 
profit for 1976 is up 17. 6% over last year. And as for Bell's 
claim that telephone equipment manufactured by independent 
companies is not compatible with Bell system equipment 
again I say bull shit! You can connect just about any telephone 
made after 1900 on to your phone line and it will work. And 
as for the independent companies making telephones, they 
are ALL better than anything made by Pa Bell. I havea 
candlestick-roaring twenty's phone that I bought from 
Lafayette Radio Electronics. It's made by a company in 
Italy and is far superior to the one made by Bell 
and what's 
more I own every piece of it, not just the plastic housing! 
Another game the linemen like to play is listening to 
your conversations and because of the special "Monitor" 
switch which puts the test set in series with a 1 MFD 
capacitor there's no telltale click when the lineman 
connects his "roach" clips across your line. And even 
the Snoop Detector (See issue #29) will NOT indicate a 
"Monitor" snoop on your line due to the fact that the test 
set in the monitor position draws NO DC current. Why 
let just the lineman have all the fun? Lineman's test sets 
are legally available, Check with your independent phone 
dealer. Remember, your friends are only a "roach" clip 
away. 
If this were the 1890's I would not be so anti-monopoly 
because manufacturing standards were crude and with the 
many independent telephone companies around at the time 
all making their own phones, standardized equipment would 
be difficult to obtain: But today, with the wealth of technology 
available, standardization of all telephone equipment regardless 
of manufacturers is no problem. When you want a 100 watt 
light bulb you don't care if it's made by GE, Westinghouse, 
Sylvania, or any other manufacturer because they're all 
compatible with one another. How dare Bell claim that only 
Western Electric can make "usable" phone equipment! !1 
And speaking of Western Electric, what the hell are they 
doing spending my money advertising on "@0 Minutes", which 
recently has had some excellent segments on acquiring false 
YD and ripping off the unemployment insurance game while 
living like a king in Florida. The purpose of TV advertising 
is to get you to buy the advertised product but since you cannot 
buy. 
from Western Electric why are they spending 
money obtained by increasing my telephone bill? If they want 
to advertise, let Bell pay for it by robbing the stochholders 
pocket instead of the public's! And if the reduced dividend 
‘means that some of you rich capitalist bastards might actually 
have to work for your money, tough shitil! 
. 
‘There 
has been much propaganda 
by Pa Bell recently on the 
need for their interface coupling device required to connect 
any non-Bell equipment to your phone line. As usual, Bell's 
argument.is pure 100€ bull shit! Your telephone does not 
generate any electricity. It uses power supplied by the local 
CO. The worst thing that can happen in electronics is a dead 
short. Do you know what would happen if you shorted your 
two phone lines together? You'd get a dial tone on the line! 
No sparks, flame, smoke or fireworks-just a dial tone! 
Wake up people! Don't believe ANYTHING Pa Bell says and 
don't 
be afraid to experiment with YOUR phone. Remember, 
playing with your phone is half the fun of having the damn 
thing in the first place! 
. 
I've been informed by readers that Ballantine’ Books, 
publishers of I'M SORRY, THE MONOPOLY YOU HAVE 
DIS NOT IN SE! 
» are no longer in service 
themselves. I'm sorry to have whetted so many appetites 
for a book that's out of print. I'll try and make it up to you 
by recommending a better book next issue. My thanks to 
all TAP readers who wrote in to expose my goof. Smart asses! 
Congratulations to all recent Jr. High, Sr. High, and 
college grads. Have a fun filled summer and remember, 
don't get caught! We'll see you in the Fall with our "Back 
To School" issue. 
are 50 cach, 40¢ each if you order a full 
Sat See previous 
issues for list of feature articles. 
= 10 issues - US bulk rate M4. 
‘U8 First Class in plain sealed envelope $0. 
Canada stapled $6 
Foreqn 
#7. 
ARSE Gilitg abel 
or xerox copy when writing to TAP 
thou your aubeeripon. 
‘Book - Monopoly $1.20 
MeGPTetta 
A Beste Bloctricty B- A.C. 
QP ER mooce Operation D- Amplifiers 
Serd Qnly check or money orsr (NO CASH) to, 
TAP, 1&2 W 42 Street, Room 504, New York 10030 
‘This is a mail drop only. 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Rogm 608, New York 10001 
Hours: Wednesday, 4-7pm. 
S-1 UPDATE 
‘S11 Tn Deep Trouble 
S.1. the gargantuan and oppressive ‘ro- 
vision and recodlfication” of the 
Federal 
Criminal 
Code, is n sortous trouble ahd 
Wt 
‘now appears that chances for 
this 
‘your ara quite poor. Politics 
can bi sur 
Pronies ter ‘poutble, 
but ft rw 
ap- 
‘are ol 
tt now a 
Poors that St will got bo muscled through 
‘even 
the Senate judiciary Commniiten, 
‘Among the compromisos accepted 
sivtpeuon wos parial Socket, 
zation of possession of small amoonts of 
marijuans, repoal of the 1940 Smith Act, 
and cutbacks in the number of crimes for 
‘Watergate Defensa” which would have 
prosecution 
tay thought thn were 
wa 
Ing on Iawful 
orders from superiors. The 
provision 
making itacrimstodivulge clas- 
4sifled information would also have boon 
dropped. 
‘The key to success 
for 
opponents 
of 5.1 
‘was thelr insistence on having the entire 
bill returned fo subcommitton.ts 
be rawrit- 
ten trom scratch, Insteed of dropping thelr 
dbjections 
after S.1 proponents 
made some 
compromises. This required parsaveranca, 
for some of the 
were tempt- 
ing, and most politicians, suckled on the 
necessity of compromise, had to fight thetr 
Inetincta, 
‘Tho Importance of 
SA In its 
pravnt orm enn be sumed bray 
‘Traditional, American Constitutlonal 
while 
‘opposit 
iret aanteetcy 
benavalant force, and 
should have the authority 
needed to do what theagents of 
and 
the govarament thfek bast foe the poop. 
‘Wo noed not concern oursalves too much 
about amblguitios in tha law which could 
ead to abuses af pawar, becauso most gov- 
ernment 
are sincera peoplo who, 
‘want what's bost for the country 
and have? 
tho wisdom 
and training 
todo what's 
best. 
Abridged from Libertarian Party News 
‘This is no cause to relax. It'll probably be back next 
year, ina 
slightly less objectionable version.
ASK Mr, PHELPS 
Q. My ex-husband has custody of our children and has an 
unlisted phone number. How can I find out his number? 
A, There are several ways which I will describe, but 
first you'll have to bear with me for a few paragraphs. 
You realize, Iam sure, that you are asking me to show 
you how to violate someone else's privacy. It is most 
unfortunate that people get into’such situations. If you had 
it all to do over again, knowing how it might end up, would 
you have had the children? I realize that it is too late for 
you, So the following is directed at everyone else out there, 
before they are caught.in"The Baby Trap? Read this excel- 
wat book by Ellen Peck before you make a mistake you 
might regret for twenty years or more. 
Why have children? There's a surplus of people so they're 
not needed; they're incredibly expensive and offer negligible 
return; they'll occupy all of your time; they won't thank you - 
you might even produce another Alexander Portnoy. The 
number of children being born with birth defects is signifi- 
cant (probably caused by all the chemicals we eat and breathe) 
‘so why play the game when the odds are so poor? You shoot 
craps with the DNA code, and if you lose, Big Brother says 
"Sorry, you are stuck with it! 
“As for parental urges, these ‘can be satisfied by regular 
visits to friends with children, When you are satiated (fed 
up) with them, you can leave and revel in the fact that you 
gan leave. 
I want to make it perfectly clear (where have I heard that 
before?) that I do not condone your intended action and am 
describing the procedures only as an exercise. Just about 
all of the methods are illegal. 
‘You haven't mentioned whether the subject lives in a house 
or an apartment, but the procedures are similar. Everyone 
should know one, or two, or more, enterprising Telco 
employees. It is 4 simple matter for him (or her) or even 
a skilled amateur to tap the phone and get the number from 
the operator. In the old days, before all operators (in this 
area, anyway) were TSPS opefators (Traffic Service 
Position System"), it was necessary to call a verification 
number. But now he simply dials the operator and says: 
“Operator, frameman Gr switchman/ testing. What number 
am I coming in on?" She has the number on a LED readout. 
Another method (which is a Federal rap) would be to inter- 
cept his mail. If it remains in an accessible box all day, 
you could check it daily and steal Kis phone bill when it 
arrives. Or you might be able to see the number thru the 
envelope and not have to steal it. Unless you are on very 
good terms with his mailman (Maybe I should say "intimate 
terms"), he probably won't want to be an accessory, or it 
would be simple. 
If you are acquainted with a burglar, he could do his thing 
and note the number on the phone while he's there. 
‘The least esthetic possibility is the A, J. Weberman bit. 
You've never heard of A.J. ? Well, I don't think you've 
missed much. I heard him once on the radio and every 
other phrase was "Ya know?" He's sort of a modern 
archeologist who digs into celebrities' garbage and reports 
his discoveries. If you get to the subject's garbage regularly, 
just before it is picked up, you might find a discarded portion 
of a bill, unless 
he is the kind of person who saves all old 
bills. 
T would suggest that you come to some sort of an arrange- 
ment with him, but I don't want to sound like Dear Abby. 
IDIOT OF THE MONTH 
SHAPE HALL 
Frank B 
walking around 
with his chest stuck out to here. On 
December 15 an carly Christmas 
sift in the form of an 8 Ib. 4 oz. 
bundle of joy was delivered, They 
have named her Andrea Lorretty, 
‘This makes it the fifth child for the 
B 
‘s, four girls and one 
boy. 
20% of the Local's members are out of work, including 
this idiot, so he and his brood sow have another one! 
Remember that every Bowery bum and 8th Avenue hooker 
‘was once an innocent, newborn "bundle of joy". What 
went wrong? 
FANTASIA is Back! 
Or should be, on its annual visit, by the time you read 
this. If you've seen it, you understand my enthusiasm. If 
you've never seen it, DO ITI 
Seeing it straight is like seeing it in black and white. I'm 
certainly not about to encourage anyone to break the law (who, 
me?}, but if you're planning on taking another trip, or are 
considering losing your psychopharmaceutical virginity, there 
are few better times and places that I can think of. Enjoy! 
A BOY AND HIS DOG 
is not a Walt Disney film. I read the novella by Harlan 
Ellison years ago and was delighted to see it appear asa 
movie. It is "an R rated, rather kinky tale of survival", 
T will not reveal the ending. Being familiar with it, I was 
able to Savor the audience's reactions. Thank you, Harlan. 
‘Thank you for all of your stories. 
FEA computer  pyyistes for iniormational purposes only by Youth Hot.Line Reports, Inc. 
tapped in theft 
BALTINORE, (AP) Sat ame 
‘programmer, 
it was: 
described as the “white collar crime of 
‘the future,” has been convicted 
of stea!- 
‘ing classified information from the com- 
poter banks of the Federal Energy Ad- 
‘ministration. 
‘The 
ent said Bertram Seidlitz, 
131, used a computer terminal attached to 
{us telephone to tap the FEA central com 
poter banks and extract 39 rolls of prin- 
‘touts containing the agency's top-secret 
US. Aug. Jervis S. Pinney sald oo 
fy 
luted from 
the compte tanks of 
ms headquortered agency. 
Bat with the 
|, Seidlitz had free 
access 
to any FEA classified Information, 
including sensitive data on offshore cil 
fret leases and. energy” development 
36 
From The News Tribune 
Address all mail and checks to 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W. 42 ST.,NY10036 
BULK RATE 
U.S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit 
No. 209 
Great Neck, N.Y.