Report From 
Merrie Olde England 
‘There is very little Credit Card iraud.here, since some 
years agonumbers corresponding to actual phone numbers 
were abandoned. It used to be an amalgam of your number. 
Now the number must fit into a secret matrix the operators 
have. Thus fraud comes about only by people amalgamating 
two or more numbers using bits of each to form a'yood" 
one. If you are off by just one digit, they know immediately 
and tell you so. All UK CC's start 44K which I think is 
international ~ the 
code, then a "year" letter. US 
now is 1K, right? (1976). I have tried to figure out this 
matrix number but to no avail. Here are some examples of 
cards 
that are billed to the same phone number. Do not use 
or reveal them, 
DELETED 
but 
if you 
bave any budding genius who would 
like to see if he can 
devise the matrix, then 
let him. I think it would 
be far too 
expensive to equip cach operator console with a computer 
validation all at once, so this is probably the forthcoming 
US system. Has anyone had any experience of any comeback 
by security or anyone else as a result of making phony inter- 
national calls using CCs¥ 
‘When making internationa! calls here, you call operator 
(Dial 100) whn first checks te see that you are not on a pay 
phone and possibly verify your mimber as busy, then she 
calls the international operator and clicks off. International 
then takes your number and calls 
you back after setting up 
the call. So if you are at a center remote to her, she cannot 
verify your phone's status, If you had the # to call interna- 
tional direct, you could do it from a pay phone safely and 
have her think it is a domestic phone. If you had these #s 
then, they could be rather useful; certainly here, possibly 
in the US, too. /typical British understatemer 
‘When using fake CCs, some people in UK go to a pay phone, 
lift receiver (this gives you dial tone immediately here), dial 
any digit and leave receiver off its rest. Then they go to 
another pay phone, preferably some distance away but from 
which they can see the first one. Make 
the call, and when the 
operator asks for your number (which they always do here), 
give the number 
of the other box. If they check, they get 
‘busy tone - even if they check on their special interior phone 
Circuits, they get the right condition; i,e., someone waiting 
on the line. If the Feds come, you have a grandstand view 
from a safe distance, 
If the operator is going to call the Feds, she may: 
1. Spend an abnormally long time putting you through. 
2, Give you a ringing tone, the sort that never gets an- 
Swered, to keep you there as long as possible. 
‘Try #KPO44124680728T for a recorded description of 
clap symptoms. The London (01) 246 xxxx exchange is the 
equivalent of Big Apple's 999 exchange. Do you have any 
interesting 999 #s? I only know Dial-a-Joke. If you have 
1DDD then (4412468015 and 8017 are not souped. They 
are only continental and US tones demo, tho, 
When traveling from. 
UK to Germany take plenty of 
shillings - 5p. pieces (worth 8¢) work as 1DM (worth 50¢) 
in German slot machines, 
METER JUMPING 
In order to avoid any breaking of seals or disturbing of 
meters, as well as having a system that can be removed 
immediately when the power man calls, some UK power 
freaks do the following: Two neon screwdrivers are insert- 
ed where wires run in and wiggled about until they light. 
Copper wire on crocodile clips is run between them. The 
methods 
you have shown make getting caught 
too easy. 
I°ll be sending you what I have on computer crime. 
PDP - 10 operator only commands would be very useful, 
Please. I could send passwords, etc. but unless you had 
CCITT vol. 24 {or 21, not sure) modems, it would be of 
little use to you. 
TAP 
MAR-APRIL 1977 
No. 43 
THE SILVER BOX 
The "Silver Box" referred to by one of your correspon- 
dents is a 2280Hz tone interrupted at dial pulse speed “sig- 
nalling system-ACI9), I imagine 2600Hz pulsing is used in 
US in exactly the same way. I sent you articles on how. 
SF generators are so much easier to build, it's a pity you've 
not published more about them. 
Here the problem is that for SF you need the secret inter- 
nal P.O. trunk routings, which are completely different for 
each 
. So either you need your local operator as 
a girl friend, or you randomly dial bleeps and ask people 
their number and build up lists that way. 
One question more: In UK about 50% of coin boxes (pay 
phones) can be used to make IS 
International Subscriber 
Dialing - to the rest 
of Europe. The boxes can't handle the 
high metering rate to US. So if the machine would let you, 
they would be free. How then does the automatic interna- 
tional equipment validate and discriminate between pay phones 
phones and domestic phones (which can call US direct)? I 
thought the most likely answer is that the off hook resist- 
ance of pay phones is different and can be measured auto- 
matically. Ifso, would payphone or domestic phone resist- 
ance be higher? I realize I'm talking about foreign equip- 
ment but any thoughts you have would be appreciated. 
You think Bell smelis, well the PO stinks to high heaven! 
Calls over 30 miles f4ren't you metric yet?7 midmorning 
are L2 (about $3.20) for ten mimutes. Also 200 bits/ 
minute Mlegible7 rental L 100 per anmm, weigh 20lbs, 
and are based on 20 year old technology. All international 
charges are at least twice to three times as much as other 
countries. No "foreign" attachments allowed at all (except 
answering machines). Complete and total monopoly on all 
forms of communication - even modulated light and carrier 
Pigeons. No CB, and to become a Ham you need to be a 
fucking electronic genius, and then there are so many re~ 
Strictions, it isn't worth it, Celebrate your independence! 
You're right about this being a Police State. You can't 
even breathe without permission from our Communist 
government, Police here can search anyone or any premises 
on whom or in which they "suspect" drugs, which gives them 
carte blanche. 
‘The laws on currency exchange control are not even pub- 
lished, You can't even find out what they are; you can only 
get a "Yes" or "No" answer from the Treasury. 
You're right; phones aren't everything. Thanks a million 
for the Libertarian stuff. It's exactly what I'm into political- 
ly. Until now I thought I was unique (I probably am, here), 
There's only one thing a government should 
do for its people, 
only one social service, and that's to keep 'em free. 
T'a very much like to get that printed circuit layout, How's 
it coming? (See #41) 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977 - Do not make checks 
‘Ont to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators,
Radio Shack are very good and deserve a plug from you 
(plug=mention, in case of language barrier. Oscar Wilde: 
"the English and the Americans are separated 
by a common 
language") 
Would anyone wany a standard English phone in exchange 
for 2??? I doubt it - they're grotty (nasty). I have Ameri- 
can, Austrian, German, Swedish, and private system phones 
in my collection. . 
Have you ever gone on Holiday and thought of the true cost 
of it? Not only is there the cost of your holiday accomoda- 
tion, but the continued cost of your own home. For a Bri- 
ton like me to come to the US, it is ludicrously expensive, 
However, what 
I have in mind is a swap, for, say, three 
weeks next September. I have a very nice modern apart- 
ment, two bedrooms, color TV, etc., 400 yards from the 
Sea on the South coast near Brighton, which has every- 
thing and is the place to holiday. I would 
also like to swap 
ears, if possible. Mine is a 3.5 Liter auto saloon, thoI 
don't care what kind of car I get in return, Bomb throwing 
anarchists are requested to leave their bombs behind, as 
this is rather a conservative area. No more than three 
people. I would like in return, for my girlfriend and myself, 
anything similar in the Big Apple or somewhere relatively 
near in NJ, or even fossibly Cleveland, OH or Montreal/ 
Toronto. 
‘We'd have to negotiate about phones. Mine is permanent- 
ly tapped - yes, I've made a lotta mistakes. You could 
retune a BlueBox to SSMF2 and use the call box opposite 
or credit cards to call the US.- /Tt's a GREAT idea, and if 
anyone is interested, we'll forward your Jetters. We as- 
sume NO responsibility,7 
Enclosed are some photocopied articles from Undercur- 
rents. They're a bit intellectual and heavy and have tended 
to 
reject Fone Fucking as not being "respectable" and what 
AT (Alternate Technology) is all about, TAP readers may 
be interested in subscribing. YES! Undercurrents, 11 
Shadwell, Uley, Dursley, Gloucestershire, England is 
$7. 50 for 6 bimonthly issues, and don't ask for it for free, 
‘Things are rough enough over there. It is GREAT! The 
best thing to come out of England since...ah... maybe the 
best thing ever to come out of England. It's what TAP 
could be like if we had enough people. Maybe we should 
just send them our entire files, and retire.7 
‘Thanks for the Esquirearticle. The article gives the 
impression that the typical freak is a blind, spaced-out, 
Jewish homosexual. Another.impression is that there is 
a hard core of super-techno-freaks who know everything 
there is to know, and who, quite rightly haven't publicized 
it - like you wouldn't want everyone to know how to bring 
Bell to its knees, 
There is the same cadre here. Duncan Campbell is the 
most famous, a veteran from the trial some three years 
ago which made the PO look like a bunch of dummies, 
(which they are, of course), He's tied in with Undercur- _ 
rents, for whom many of the other freaks work. They are 
also interlinked with B,I.T, - whom you know about. 
SIT Alternative Information Exchange and Energy Center, 
146 Great Western Road, London WII, England 
7 
‘The rest are a few mavericks working on their own - mostly 
PO operators with access to the AC9 translation codes, 
which are kept in a special safe at each exchange, and which, 
of course, are unique for each exchange. 
Kilgore Trout mentions in #37 the boxes the military use, 
with the five extra buttons used presumably for different 
levels of priority and for interception and possibly for 
"seizing" and rerouting of calls in progress. Lemond and 
Fry say in No Place to Hide "... the bluebox could also have 
been used to intercept 
a phone call-in progress," They do 
not explain this... Any ideas? 
Here is CCITT #5. Note the remarkable similarity to 
your own, with the addition of Ul and 12, all possible permu- 
tations of frequencies are used. Add one extra frequency 
and you get six more possibilities, 
All MF systems - SSMF2 (Western Europe's up and com- 
ing system) Touch Tone frequencies, etc. follow the same 
pattern; when they need five extra numbers, they add one 
frequency spaced up the "same distance". from the others. 
2100Hz we know is used to make satellite circuits possible 
for data traffic, 2100 is "disable echo suppressors". That 
makes @ neat gap between 1700 and 2100 ~ to wit: 1900Hz, 
our magic Open Sesame frequencies. Your mission, shoul 
should you decide to accept it, is to test 700 & 1900, 900 & 
1900, 1100 & 1800, 1300 & 1900, 1500 & 1900, and perhaps 
even 1700 & 1900 (since 1700 is used as a control frequency 
anyway, used with our special control frequencies 1900 
might be a super special control #). 
Where you insert these numbers, I don't know. Before 
KP, in conjunction with KP2, using two of these special #s 
to unlock the system, this is anybody's guess. Best to 
Bractive calling a phone # you know to be busy with conver- 
sation or music on the line. If you hit it, Whoopie! 
Sorry to close on a down note: The world is coming to an 
end, or very near it, beginning 1982, through to 1984 = 
nuclear war, all of America's seaboard cities and all of 
Europe destroyed. Both chemical and biological warfare, 
total economic chaos and starvation. No, I'm not a Jehovah's 
Witness or a headcase. It's all there, in the heavens, Ask 
any astrologist, or any futurologist, or Bowie"We got five 
years", or anyone. I suggest an Alaskan igloo and two years' 
‘supply of everything. 
Depravo the Rat 
England is a bit further down the road to collapse than 
the US. I could list dozens of my favorite books about dis- 
aster, but will-settle for these: Asimov's Foundation 
trilogy, John Christopher's No Blade of Grass, Pat Frank's 
Alas, Babylon, E,T, Tennyson's The Time of The End. 
"The Earth has become a rotten egg, held together with too 
many technological Band-Aids, and unless the vast majority 
of people vocalizes and expresses opposition and repulsion 
to the vulture-like desecration of the planet, then they will 
become the cannibal rabble of Soylent Green, and the para- 
noid powerless of 1984." Chris Barry in The 
‘After I saw the classic map of fallout patterns,-I figured 
on retreating to the Siskiyou region (CA-OR border), but 
the Hanford Nuclear Reservation is in the vicinity. Buried 
there are more than 75 million gallons of radioactive 
wastes, which may be dangerous for up to 500, 000years, 
in tanks which may last only 25 years, Some are already 
And then there's Geophysical Warfare, described in the . 
December Saga magazine. "Science-fiction weapons" 
like the "Stoneburner” of Dune and "green lights" of Day 
of the Triffids actually exist, in the form of laser weapons. 
And then there are ones we don't even know about] So I 
may follow Dr. Asimov's advice: Eat, Drink, #2 Be 
ALIEN PORN © 
TV pirecy is happening 
ina 
mail way in the South 
of 
France, 
One vi 
now has its own 
the weekly unofficial spot in 
cludes the mayor's account of 
the past week plus odd focal 
‘gossip. But at least the local 
stgnel into the TV transmitter 
‘with their own programme — 
recorded 
on a videotape, and 
played 
back through @ tow 
Power transmitter 
close to 
the receiving 
aerial of the 
Lesevew transmitter. Because 
the 
station normally acts ax @ 
local relay for the mein trans- 
imitter many miles away, any 
Jes) on a British local 
‘TV relay transmitter 
‘group transmitting 
on the 
same frequency 
0s the mein 
‘transmitter 
have got them- 
‘Selves a pleesingly powerful 
‘broadcasting station. Since 
you are much closer to the 
‘receiver, 
you don’t need to 
use very much power. And 
you're guarenteed a big, 
‘attentive audlence glued to 
thelr boxes!
Radio One Hijack 
AN AMAZING 
hfuek of BUC Radio took place over the whale of 
South Eng rece. ipm 
on April Ist Radio I lsteoers 
tetcilt 
wat utaihed oe 
evarywhee 
Sona Feet opeding rears dowd ine tal of a 
{owed madistey by a 
atte. Mystery deepened 
into 
of Tae Wes cas it Su 
igus 1s the faraiflar coffee-tableeock- 
‘Mot gave way to bizare anthotogy of tanned records, esoteric 
aubversie 
mous and 
comment 
Far 35 mings te go folk of the South Const head» demons. 
lon of uninhibited 
free rei in sereo. 
A apo? 
troadoast from the Metiation Sosrd warned the fearful populace 
that 
fed their 
the night.” That 
‘wu followed 
by a binond 10ce track edvocating 
degrees of intima 
{odreamt of fn Broadcasting 
Hours... and e Gutibe by “thew” 
‘Ghairmas 
of the 
BEC-one 
itl Amin. 
‘While a this was going on Beeb ghedetow 
pot» thowsind metres 
Crystal Palace Jam 
SPOILSPORT RADIO jemmens sre 
2 nightly 
same of cate 
playicg 
2d mouse with Post Office engincers in the streets of South Londoa, 
| And as BRC offal: receivers 
‘With thelr transmitters hidden in the boots of cars and the backs of 
(Sevcry portlcula about the wort 
tans the Jammers ave waging electronic guerilla warfere agains! the 
‘Sogn arte 
tad te 
eto eee ye) 
ate 
me 
‘eodlhy sable, ding only 
‘tsa ess ete to amateurs coablng them to boca et 
patformance, 
‘After the midnight news and 
‘weather forecast ia the wee small 
bbours 
of April 2nd drowsy Radios 
Land 2 listeners were treated to 
‘an unusual announcement, In the 
sseeetest possible way the pre- 
‘sentation Lady apotzised 10 
listeners in Southern England whe 
tres mach peat dstncea. tb wed an the VIP 2 arte bd 
‘noble trnamittere which would otherwisa be Iimlied to a rangp of 
Sout iy 
ung so te epee atin Ce gnc 
reach 
over mort of Southern 
‘Bot the movers many of 
of tw jammen, 
and were 
‘whom are themselves Ueenced 
comevtat 
dio hams, regard is ascheating. 
"The ergialjamaning campaign 
‘They say azateut broadcasters 
was intended 
to get GBSLO losed 
should overcome 
the problem of 
dawn which tertualy scored 
ange by using their ingecuity 
4 doting for 2 moatha 
in 1975. 
instead of hitching ride om 
‘Recently, 
thongh, it has became a 
GB3LO, and for the lst J years 
(pretext for ritual uggro between 
cnginecrs 
were 
wrestling 
manfully 
ffom the 1oW mast 
“uay have been listening to the 
‘hey have persistently interfered the wreckers 
and the Post Office 
Shwechertyigisput 
eke astomually 
etl ips ty 
song programme” and express 
‘Sith dhe repeaters operation. 
‘wih jaamer vig very cle to 
Peelback 
on bhhvene, ALIL3S state Binary-counter 
‘he Carpocation’s wtbsfaction, 
‘Thereare 
we about 30 jammer 
the ansmiiter 
in bataat 
spelbound 
Usteners ad thels hi Butatheraeay 
plate sation , 
‘hat nty were “pow back wlth 
‘nal, taking ror to erase 
provocation 
af the walting 
city pine popamme 
rately cameen 
thea swamping tbe gu°- Not s meoton of anarchy 
Seteetor 
vans Sooner of ss 
Interrupted by Aunty’s crude 
‘Rowridge trantmittey with 
breaking out all over. Uo 
‘arrests wil be made, and seaioned 
‘attempts to reasert het manor 
‘a signal 200 Umes songer than 
‘poly, sod the woics of the hip 
the one recelred ftom Wrottam, 
Ssublishment forched uneertainly 
taking 
over effortteuly fram 
ack into the world of the ving, 
Radio 1. 
campus Wy meh homed 
It fan't known how long BBC 
‘and hissing. 
engineers 
took to become 
‘The coup was made possibte by 
the fact Ut every night the BBC 
suspicfous 
xbout the unosuaily 
‘igh programme 
quality but it was 
‘sere buty closing the loophote, 
installing high quality Lanchines to 
‘observer ennfMtendy anticipate 
fines rather lager han £12. 
Pool probe 
CAMERAS 
IN Date Street,» busy 
‘ovoughtar 
(scent Liverpock, 
cconceming 
the private lives of 
Fost Office engineers. 
Pr it part the Poxt Offices 
etermined 
to crush this violation 
(of good broadcasting ethies, 
a 
° 
ibaa’ bad much 
are being used (or 
soreitance 
of 
cewignrebrondcams 
Radio Ten” sould ecily the stuation,” 
Toone | 
ents 
Stree 
wo fee ony 
pedadins a weibesfor 
te 
‘VUP diecdy to Southera 
Exentualy they manage tora yp 
Fromeatien toarse out of the | fTcal function 
of eae contra 
‘Eeghand and, by way of futher 
an emergency landing by way 
of 
nas 
wus hates anmer | Apart 
in Lkrpool 
re rem 
Shen Rado wna sented wat 
fey ext) by ietinate™ | named 
ma sory after 
in mono, distorted, 
lacking top 
‘ 
‘zoateors 
doing the Post Office's | bornb scare at nearby Cheapside 
Gloinhab tigule(fiiecr — bidng 
ihe potions of 
PBecedonayed wicote 
| 
feted eendaapia 
Oe Siert 
eff 
eotines 
of 
iSkegwerce, Eemvememm These are some excornts Sitagmmanae” | Taetewtenr 
se 
‘who can laset a piste gral in 
"The tenia soghisticntio 
from Undercurrents. 
seared hat ue detenent 
feta enw dt 
Senne Saket, 
Ciacistan | Sherer 
Gependant atthe exey- 
Bc 
themgefves The 
‘thought they were i ack last 
szquatnted 
with tie appexrzce 
‘And that’s what happenct 
cm 
2P. A small 30 watt stzreo tame 
‘miter connected 
to a easscz 
player had beed hidden ke 
‘London Wrotham sigral 
is 
carried along a 13-thannel putso- 
codomodulsted 
(FCM) micro- 
‘ware link built to high specifica. 
POST SCRIPT 
‘Things are really getting heavy over here. Duncan Camp- 
bell - the guy most responsible for UCT and the single most 
knowledgeable source in the UK has been busted and held 
without bail under Official Secrets charges {i.e. in no other 
countries, except Red ones, would it be an offence). I don't 
know but I think he's been framed/set up by a special branch 
for revealing innocuous info about gov't communications HQ. 
monitoring of all international phone calls. 
"More arrests are expected..." so everyone is going to 
have to go to ground, since anyone DC communicated such 
info to is also lable for two years inside. Hence I expect to 
see most of the Undercurrents crew, possibly B.I. T. etc 
hassled at least. It would be a nice touch to dedicate an 
issue to DC and Mark Hosenball, the latter now being deported. 
Consider it dedicated7 It's worth a thought that perhaps 
80% of what TAP prints couldn't be printed here without 
making yourself liable to O.S. Act charges. 
Our P.O. trained receptionist tells me the following. 
Normally when someone comes in on the board, on auto 
boards anyway, she has no was of knowing where the call is 
coming from on that exchange. So if the caller places a 
call and gives a wrong own number, the P.O. pays. To 
guard against this, she "TKOs" onto the number she is 
given via another line (Not quite true. The positions that 
are told to TKC each and every call rotate.) If she hears 
the sound of the exchange coming back to her, she knows 
it's ok. If she gets nothing, she then checks out the # with 
the # clerk who tells her if the # given is part of 
a business 
multi-line setup or not. if it isn't, she knows it's an in- 
valid call - because on a single line she'd have been able to 
TKO on it. 
‘On a business # say 999-3010 with 10 lines, depending on 
the traffic on the private board the call giving the #999-3010 
could be on any line 3010-9 inclusive, so the operator can't 
check. Moral of story: if you want to make free operator 
connected calls, give a # that is a business with a large 
PMBX or PABX on your exchange. 
DR 
‘of foea fies (the ania 20 
[NUPE official at Walton losptta) 
‘ast have examined 
fl che 
foouge of pedestrians 
in Date 
fork 
out for your Road Fund 
‘Licehee 
doa't complain: free 
‘protection from the forces 
of 
aarchy 
with exch oze, 
{oop of people ina van fll af 
fadio equipment 
dori = 
particulary 
heavy am sesion, 
‘After deep interopation atthe 
lect 
bower the acm 
sanaged 
to convince 
that they were 
a squad af 
‘lanes 
luo bot en the eels 
ATTENTION: 
‘The Personal Computing Directory will contain names, 
addresses, telephones, descriptive keywords, and other 
information about people, clubs, societies, associations, 
organizations, newspapers, newsletters, book publishers 
and distributors, magazines, manufacturers, equipment 
distributors, mail order services, kit vendors, software 
developers, maintenance and repair services, convention 
and meeting organizers, credit and non-credit courses, 
lectures, clinics, demonstrations, tours, contests, flea 
markets, in a word - everythinginthe personalcomputing- 
field! The directory will have three main parts. The first, 
a geographical listing, will consist of each name, address, 
telephone, and descriptors, listed in zip code order, and 
alphabetically within a zip code. The second part will be 
an alphabetically sorted list of people and organizations. 
The third part will be a subject list, sorted alphabetically. 
‘The price will be $4.95, for a 200+ page, 8 1/2 
x ll inch 
paperback, available about Aprill, 1977 from: Personal 
Computer Directory, Box 134, Harvard Square, Cambridge 
MA 02138, 
COMPUTER FREEKS! 
HELP TELCO! 
According to Southern New England Telephone's 
‘Telephone News, "If you know of Someone who's been 
shoplifting phone service, report the person to our 
security office. Call collect to (203) 771-2134. We'll 
take it from there.” 
So... if someone like your boss, or high school 
principal, or nosy neighbor, or anyone else gives you 
a hard time about anything, or if someone gives you a 
bad check (see Bullshit!), and you suspect they may be 
cheating The Phone Company, be sure to notify Telco. 
Should be good for a lot of laffs,
BULLSHIT! PART 
2 
by TOM EDISON 
Tf you think my edtorial in the December issue of TAP 
entitled "When The Shit Hits The Fan" was too rough on our 
readers, then you'll really shit in your pants when you read 
these new policy changes! Ordinarily, the rubber checks that 
some of you cheap bastards dre sending us would be bad enough, 
but our bank has a handling charge that they pass along to us, 
So in addition to being ripped off on merchandise and postage 
(not to mention Elmer's’Glue-All!}, we're also forced to pay 
for your rubber check processing! When you start biting the 
hand that feeds you, it's time to revise our own "systems & 
practices". 
immediately: When we get notified that 
your rubber check has bounced, we will send you a little note 
"politely" informing you of your "oversight". If at that time 
you decide that you do not want the ordered merchandise, all 
we ask is that you reimburse us for the check handling cost 
charged us by our bank. I think that this is fair and reasonable. 
If we do not hear from you within a reasonable amount of time, 
we will assume that you intentionally wanted to rip us off. We 
will then repay your "kindness" by giving your name and 
address to Bell Security, the FBI, the CIA, the IRS, the Post 
Office, the House UnAmerican Activities Committee, and any 
other appropriate government investigatory agency. This will 
ultimately result in many “fun filled" years ahead trying to 
clear your "good " name and reputation. All for a lousy $4. 
An eye for an eye! 
Please remember that for immediate processing of your 
order you must send either a money order or a cashier's 
cbeck. All personal checks MUST clear your bank before we 
process your order, This could possibly cause your sub to 
start several months after we get your personal check, so if 
you do not want this delay, please send either a money order 
or a cashier's check. 
T've received many recent requests for ringback, loop, and 
verification numbers for various cities. We have some but 
I'd like a hell of 
a lot more. You can help by sending me a 
st of all ringback, loop, and verification numbers for your 
area, I will compile a listing alphabetically by city and print 
up a table of numbers when I get a sufficient amount to warrant 
it, Let's get off your respective asses and send in this requested 
information. You can never tell when YOU might need some 
specific info. I hope that 
I get better reader response on this 
than I did when I requested readers to send me their off-hook 
ling current. Only 23 readers responded! Priddy Piss Poor! 
Dear TAP Folks 
Re Xerox access keys: if you use a legit key, but make 
only one copy at 
a time end pull the key out after you push 
the "make copy" button, the counter in the key doesn't 
increment - altho the machine counter still does. This 
works on a Xerox 3100; I don't know about others. 
Clance 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reporta, Ine, 
‘Address 
all mail and checks to 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
He Got 
Clean Away 
43 
“BEAT THE SYSTEM WITH THE SYSTEM™ 
Millions of TV watchers at 5 pan. February 
8 heard Jana Fonda 
laughingly explain how techno-subversion has been carried to the 
level of absurdity, os hard=to=track=down middle=class white-mnales 
outwit the telephone company. “While you ate being worried about 
being caught in petty theft, the big boys practice bribery on a multi 
national scale, crime in the suites to match crime In the streets." 
‘The Privacy Commission will report by end of June...Telephone 
co has new $23,000 box to Invade our privacy; Libertarians, unite 
to throw off these chains!....A new book, The Science of Electronic 
Survelllance, (35 from AASD, P.O.Box 3154, 
rand 
Oaks, 
‘STIS9, describes the bewildering varlety 
of electronic Invasion & 
countermeasures, the vast majority of police & national security 
wiretaps not covered by any wiretap legislation. o MUST book with 
reference bibliography & glossary. ..MAGNETIC REVOLUTION 
tactics might take advantage of Fact thot o permanent magnet, re~ 
quiring no extemal power source, con Instentaneously erase the 
magnetic computerized records of a business, bank or govt agency. 
No technical countermeasure discovered yet according to Dept. of 
Commeres Technical Note #735(July 1972). But magnetle field 
detectors installed at entry doorways to computer centers....New 
product ads In new magazines Secutinews, 210 Lyndhurst Road, 
Lyndhurst, Johannesburg 2001, South Africa ,bimonthly, covers 
broad range of security subjects unique In South Africa.....Use of 
Subliminal Techniques rumored used In movie The Exercist in 
coming book Remote Control to be published by Quadrangle/New 
York Times.....A new system of “explosives tagging" based 
on tiny 
grains of phosphors encapsulated in polyethylene plostle claimed to 
code explosives & provide almost any data desired. ....Research 
studies Initicted by Natlonal Institute of Law En forcement and 
Criminal Justice fs researching Innovative approtches & concepts 
In crchitectural design & organizotion In Portland, Ore... 
Excerpted from (among others) Counter Spy magazine. 
A year's bimonthly sub $10. from Box 647, Ben Franklin 
Station, Washington, DC 20044, 
by Agent 009 
‘The January Playboy had a fascinating, frightening inter- 
view with "Mr, Death", a former C.LA. agent. Your 
mission: read it and fill in the (deleted) blanks, Here's a 
start the chemical which is absorbed thru the skin is 
DMSO (dimethyl sulfoxide). 
rp 
Subscriptions 
US Pirat Class in plain sealed envelope 
Camda & Merion Staple’ $8. Foreign 
$7. 
DAPORTANTL 
label 
or Xerex comy 
‘eoen weftog to TAP abut your acecripio, 
‘Gaurgen.” SOF euch A « Duals Rlactriciy BAC. 
G~ Beste Phone Cporaiion D- Amplifiers 
‘Send only check or monay order (NO CASED to 
‘TAP, HS wo Sees, Boom 8, 
‘New York 10038 
‘This ts a cuall 
(Office: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York 10001 
‘Hours: Wednesday, 
4- 7 om, 
‘TAP T-shirts 4, Specity sise: Small, Med., Largs, X-Large. 
BULK RATE 
U, S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Perit 
No, 209. 
Great Nock, Ne Ye