THE GREAT FIRE OF '83by Cheshire Catalystfhe summer of 1983 will go down in the anne)sof TRP as ome of those great watershed times ofte existance. TAP almost died during July, nhenTom Edison got burned out and decided not topublish TAP snymore. No one could blame him, afterall. @ years ia a long time, and TAP had beco#espore of a Burden to him, with the time it requirestaking vp alot of time he'd rather have spent onthe Jereesy Bhore (if you'd seen some of the greatwomen running around st that shore, you'd be outthere too).It jun’t chasing tail that Brought Aim tothis decision though. Tom is lite#rally burned out.That is to say, his apertment was burned out inthe middle ef July. His ineurance covers most ofhis personal stuff, but the bastards who broke in(huite profeasionaly, according to the Jocel cons)stole the TRP computer, disks, disk drives,printouts, bachup disks, beckup printouts,reciopts of TAP expenditures fonly this year's,they left the reciapte of past years), and Tom'sstereo. Once they had enough to put 4 real crimpin TRAP, they tried to burn the place down lin avery emateur ssmer, according to the local firemerehal).Ore result of the burglary, is that wehaven't a current copy of the mailing jist. OK, TIdon’t want to hear about how we should have had anoff-site heckup ef disks and print cut. I told Yomhe should, and he didn't, and we now have to livewith thoee facts, not more recriminations., What itwpeane is, if you kre someone whe hed asubaecription to TAP, ask hir if thay pot thisijaeue. If not, they should send a photo copy oftheir lest mailing label to us, and we'll out thesback on the subscription list. In return for thepostage it causes them to spend, we'll add anextra tesue thetr subscription. Yes, this mey maaanthat the mailing liet was “compromised”. In ourpersons! “paranoid fantany speculations” (which !refuse to put fully into print) this ist couldhave found it'a way from the burgalers, to variousagencies. Therefore, if you recieve any mail (orvieits in the night from "Various Rygencies")please drop us 4 linge, and let us know if theapelling of your nase was the way that you wereListed on our mailing fist. Alwso let us know whichagerncy/utility did the calling, and what they didand/or said when they called/visited.Bo what apout TRAP? what's it doing here in myhands (Ff ¢e%'a deat? TRH tg wot dead, and it’sbecause of the dedication of a few of the New YorkIrregulars. Mostly syself and JP McClimans. Screwmodesty, if 1 hadn't gotten off my ass, TAP wouldbe dead by now. | don’t want pate on the back, |want some support from out there. I don't know howTom put up with the abuse he's gotten in some ofthe letters that have been sddreseed to hia. I'vehandied some of it with aoma Fiippant reolies.Bome 1 haven't been as flippant as I'd like to ba,since 1% would mean writing a whole letter.Mostly, I’ve just been scrawling notes in themargin of the “What The Hell Is TAD” sheet thates sent out to information requests. [¢ waseartbreaking to tell the poor kid from theMicwest thet TAP already had a correspondentcelling Nimeelf The Gtainians Bteel Rat,We've also hac a sheet called “Field Report"which waa aeent to people that wrote during the twomonth period when the mail wasn't picked up. Wesert out this report as explaration as te whytheir letter wee answered so late. We also handedthe Field Maport out to people who recognized my"Mea Bell Is A Cheap Mother" T-shirt at computerRobbyisat shows, end the Meadowlands Cemouter FleaMarket tn October.Bowe orders haven't gone ovt because we can'tfing the Fact Sheets that we used to publish.We're in the process of getting Copies from one ofThe Friday Night Irregulars, so we'll be gettingthem out shortly.fa to how the jloh of running TAP fell on me,here's the story. The last week of August I missedthe first TRO meeting I hadn't attended in 4cousgiea months. My parents were changing planes stJFK Rirport, and wanted to sewet we for dinner.That wight, Yom made the first Friday nightmeeting he'd sade in a number of months, We wissedeach other. After I talked te Vax Man, who. was etthe meeting, I immedieately pot in touch with Tom,and started acrambling the ltogiatics of moving theremains of TRP out of Tom's place. Tom's wordswent something like "The insurance sdjuster ifcoming nent Thursday. If the stuff isn't out of wyapartment, it’s going in the duspster.”If Someone told you in the mid seventies thatThe Beatles would get back together and go on thereed, but only if you got off your fat sss, andhelped them get their shit together, mhat wou ldneve done? TRE isn’t anywnere the near theinternational jacortance of The Beatties, but afterI heard the story of Yhe Big Burn Out, |! certainlywaen't goine ta allow TAP to die this wayYom said he'd submit an article of goodbye,ang thanks, but that he was Getting fueay From f%All. 13 can't much blaze him, and I didn’t relish
SEPT: OCT 1983 Ne. S87TAPROOM 603147 W. 42 ST.NEW YORK 10036heving TRAP boned up in ay living roos fhslls andfoyer for the couple of weeks i¢ took untill wefound an affice to put TRA in. The office isstrictly a production center, and is not staffedfull Gime. We may to decide ta Save office hours,ae we did in the pest. In the mean tine, theinformal patherings at Eddie's Restaurant inBreenwhich Villages will be our gathering point forpeople who want to find us.Let's talk for a moment about what changes inpolicies the ‘new managenentTM will bring about.Host of ovr readers want TARP sent to thes in aplain envelope. That's fine, and in fact, w@ are@oing to make our life easter by making allgubscriptions in a plain envelope. The questionnow ig, how plain is the envelope going to be?They will be shipped in an envelope with only thestreet address of our mai ldrop, and theinternational Standard Serial Nueber of ourpeesletter. The IGQN ia something that libreriesand bibliographers like to play with. It maansthat the erclosed is « publication, and many ofour prisoners need to have Veven letters,fpewspapers, and magarines sent directly from apublisher. It saves their censor’'s a job oftooking threugh sagazines for sessages written inby eccomplices friends on the eutside. I want toprint TAP’s street eddress on the emwelope. Also,I want ai return address on the envelope, becsusewany of you move, don't bother to tall us, andthen write and anak where thetr (eaues are. If areturn address is put on the ervelope, we'd at}eant know who to take off the list, and save torepostage. This is what we're going to do. If it isparticularily offensive ta you, write. If enoughpecple writs, we'll think about changing thepolicy. Right now, life is tough enough aroundBubscriptions will cost @yefor 12 teaves.Single tissues will cost @),-,8 common request we get is for "seebershipinformation". I should state flat out, that TAP isrot a club. This does not, however, meen that youcannot "yoin"TM TRE. You can become ore of ovrCorrespondents. All you have to de ia write.Before the fire, I recieved one or two lettersthat 1 wanted to dump into & Word Processor, andshare with you folks. I'}1 vebly find the tinefor that sort of thing in January (if I's luckey).All 4% takes to become a correspondent, is to sitdown and write to us es if we were scoawore youwere trying to explain your topic to. Please setyour typewriters, or word processing ovtput to 58characters ona ling. This line width of 5 inchesio what we uss to tay out the issues. TAP hasbeen, ang will continue to be, A}l The News ThatFits. 17 we have room for it, 1% will predebly goiveFor thoee of you who noticed thegong that Newsweek carried in theirfeptesber 5 issue, here's the wholething, If you want to see mora of thishind of thing, let me know.The Hackers Anthemby Cheshire Catalyst(Tune: Put Another Nickel In)Put another password in,Bomb it out and try again,Try to get past logging in,we're hacking, hacking, haching.T nie fireat wife's maiden nam,This ia more then just a pane,It’s real fun, but just the save,{t's hacking, hacking, hacking.Sys-call, ist's try e sye-cell.Remember that great bug frow Version 3,of RBH, 1t*s here! Wheppee’Put another sya-call in,Run those passwords out end then,Dial beck up, we're legging in,we're Racking, hacking, hacking.

Publicity - What's Boing Gn Around Here?wTre PRileesshy of a Phone Foreskwy Cheshire CatalystMy tatest article en how to find TAP seens toNeve caused quite a stir. Alac, I've bean guttingalet ef publicity myself, as I have recent!quoted in Infosystews magazine, a computer traddjournal, end in the wes] respected (by the fealWorld, anywsy) Wall Street Journsl ‘Wedneaday,Apr ii 13). Swainesa Communications feview, «4acholerly journal for telecoumunicettonsaconsultants, called me “ore of the nation’s hastknown phene phreaks." Ae I prepered thia article Iwas contected by National Publie Radio, an@ theirpiece ren on the program “All Things Concideree"en May 8 (tranecripte availeble at your localTelco Becurity cfficw, or ceples of the tape froume (for 95) care of TAR), Journalists from srouwndthe cowntry, and literally around the world areeine to reach se. VBD out of Paria ran aarticie for the February ®, i192 edition. (That's=e tn the forald Raygun mash working om Cul/®(Coapetar Hijinks Interface / Programmable), ayapple or). The article from TechnologyIlluatrated that etartad the tletest publicitystorm, was recently trareisted inte Gerwen ard ranin Der Speigie. That brought a wise TV crew frogIerich to Mew York, whieh I orntertained just after@ Quick Interview with a BBC file crew.Why me? [t'e esiagia. We eublian thet Big BadNewsletter. We ere coneidered experts in theComputer Crime fielé from the standpoint of theBon committing “unnature) ecte” with renguters.Quite frankly, if anyones is actually sommittingcomputer crime evt there, they are net likely tebe talking about it to the prese.Re had been in the pews before theTechnology fllustrated article ef last Fall. In ifyeers of publishing, you gain a smell repetationthat ¢oes reach the outeida world owvenionally: Wehad been coveredanumber of tings in The VillageVoice of New York City. We've alse gotten briafsertien's in varioves underground rewspepers overthe years, and in numerous hobbyist publications.TR® 18 even listed in ere of those scedenialications that liet periodical publigst ions (ifcould resustver which ons, I['@ say Go}.I didn’t realize the circulation hase ofYeohnolegy lItlvetrated wee se lar for a 6 northald publication, er I'd have h second thoughtsevout doing the mrele thing a¢ a1!, The resultentpublicity has been en interesting ego trip, but ithasn't put much in the way ef chocesiate ehipecokies near the YTV eset since lesing sy jonbpeceues ef it last fail.The thing is, Cemputer hacking is gutting tebe a subject that the etre press is catchingup on, and jet’s face it. 7 has the expertise.I's attracting thes, and from scat I cen extractthe promise of putting eur addresa inte thearticles. TAP wey de you favorite undergroundreading, but semsene hee te pey the primer, endthe goat office,Producing TRAP is no pienic, and petting endkeeping @roegh eubecribers se we doen't love ourshirte is ene of our bipewst previews. My "job" stTRE is to pet the publicity we need te eatch theattention of poseible subecribers.There sare sows publications { den't nant ovreddress in, though. The Wall Street Journal isreas By encegh Bull Syaten Menagers, that syfeeling te that if wa vere pasting Geeky enough toatart puffing up our feathers in their world, theysient think it meas time they sent their people outte elip those feathers.Outwhat on 1 euppeeed te dewhen The Journalcalle me up and asks for inferuation? Theprinciple that YAO eperates under ie in pattingevr inforsation te The People. A reble concert,that, But it mens getti the publicity teattract a cr-osed es wa'ii we heerd. ityoccasalonally (for the shore phreak cenferenceswe've put en) sert preas releases te the etraightpress, and let thee know what weapeing on. Herdlyanyone showed up. The Jeurnal, Yhe New York Tines,ap, ard UPI, sre on thet press list, bet ne enewes interested in ve then.i have hewt in towenh with repertersfrea TheVillage Voice, and Relling Sterne, since they sharescone of ovr philosophy, or have reets that do.While I hed sei@ in the pest that { wouldn't wantte talk to peopie from Time or Newsepek, it wesbecause we would be afrai¢g ef sticking ovr novetoe fer abeve pround, for fear of getting it cutoff by Bull System Security, or sesebedy.All of thin vead te be just wild speculation.I mean, would Time Megazing ever wert ta peblicizea bunch 6f Phone Prreaka? Mew that CeonputerMecters and Comauter Crime are BIS BISINESG, we'reconsidered the experts, enly because we'll talkabout it froe the etandpaim of "Tha Other fide”.Time magatine 18 thinking ef deing an erticie, butwerts a timing heek for when te run it. But TiuwMagazine is too “real werla” fer ma and I's scaredehitiess ef the reperceesions if we get written upsthere.Lom very afreie ef doing television, becausetee mary poeple believe in television. I've hed &Chicage TV aetation in ta wy spertaent te se awhoet fer a series en computer crise on theirlocal rane, but ! doen't want the networks involvedty thanks te Illinois Ball for the trenserists,ty the way. I cevidn't even pet a copy af the tapefree WS). NEC Meniter may do a thing with ae oncomevior hackers, but I's not going te mention TAFat 211, ®ecasee we dunt need thet aueh heatceuing doom on us.
Orce, though, I was really stuvoid. J] recieveda (tetter from a guy st 4 tel comoanytraining dept who was askhad by Aiea = eecuritydenartment to meke a video about toll fraud toshow ta police and campus security tyoes. He had" ween taoing interviews with real FRI puys, reaTeleco Security tyoes, ard red] plant maintenancepecels. Nowedy told him he shouldn't interview 4yea) Phone Phreak. He noticed the TecnnolegyIliustreted article, and got in touch. It was animtervsting shoet.ince he ween't from wy Talcoo’s operatingarea, ft figured “why wot?". After all, theyweren't from my jurisdiction, and who wan 1 to sayhe and his erew shovlan't heave their juniet te TreDig City? I realized the tape would get wcdited towake mea out to be the bad guy, But maybe 1 coeuldgat tne weussge of what "real" phone shreaks sareinterested in, scross te these peopia. Thet is.that we, the trve phone phireaks, are interested inthe Matwork, end not just ripping eff calia. tessere, we're not.I*vea never sem ithe final reeult, andbut realise that the sequent makes for @ batter“ballanced looking" presentstion even with theediting, I's cartatn my comments when the “talent”asked me “wry are YOU raising phore rates forConsumers" were cut from the final verelon when Ilit into Telco rate structures. (remind me to dean article on telephone rate structures sosetine),Y feel my yok th TRE ie to try to pet ourviewpoint ovt, whether the person anking theguestiona rmally wants to heer my sidw or not,Free speech is what we live in thie country for,and what many people try to reach this coumry tope able to have. ‘Some jeurnaliate heve been ashing me wherethey can get in teven with phreaka & hackere intheir eress. I've gotten a covple of journalistsin Texes in tench with sowe Prwaks dow there, butene ef the jeuernelists was personally hnown to me,and would reapect any requests for anonymity askedfer wy the phreaks who were alte muddien of mine,I didn't intend to get people unset in Texans, but4f the one reperter wann't elresedy know to aeliy, I wouldn't have gotten these in touchwith the Texas Phreaka (who have since graduated,end arw now loose upon tha world).These journalste, you have to realize, have dreal tough joe They have te come up with a story,sake eure it's factual, and bring it beck to aneditor who hee ro idea what the aubject ia, Theeditor then mangles the hell out af the content ofthe article. The joernaliat catches flack on bothsides. These guy#t don't know stuff about computersthemeelives, in moat ce af@ nO ome who is doinganything werth reperting on in the area ofcomputer crime (that tea, reali Computer Criminals)is talking about it.XI take pity on tha journaliete and reporters,and divcvse sewe of the problees of computereecurity, ard besically, set seyself up as "Thepoogey Man". After oll, I'm the big bed PhonePrreak/Computer Hacker from that Nasty TAP; newsliatter.Mostly, shan the preas writes and sasken toeet in touch with our subscribers on their behelf,we heave thes send in atanped unsealed envelopeswith their letter in it, and we put cur om coverletter in explaining that we mailed the ervelope,and if they want to get in tovch with thereporter, it's up to them.1 gust try to pet across to the prese thatPrir-wak{ and Maching rave one thing in common.Getting into the network/computer that you're notsupposed to be able te ereck is en intellectualchallenge. That challenge is the Oriving forcebehing the Trve Mecker.I'm sometinesn abked where the tere “hacksr"comea from, I think it comes frem heching sway atthe heyboard writill the pregrasm works. It'8 slotlike the g@efinitier of a hack writer. who heegshacking at the heywteard prtill hie stery isfinished. When asked for a definition of *hecker",I reply: & hacker is someonesho discoverstherules of a ceaputer system or langusge, ard sbvunesthe hell eut of those rules.Bugs, (progrsam ing buaS, not lleteningdevices are pert of the rules. They sre thehidden rules thet the provider of the systea erseftware didn't vreelize were there, sut areonewresbv the hacker. They pet abusedmost ofail.I find myself taking en congulting work forsean large (and not #0 large) corporations now,teaching thes how te net be stupid. Borry, geng,but I¢'s tough out herw without regular wark sincethe Technology )liustrated artiele came sut. Thisconsulting shingle is being hung oute in theaarhet place.Ae for the articia en how ta find ovr Fridaynite hangous in Sreereich Village, it's simple.TAP reeds sous new blood. And If you're going towiteh that you don't like what we're doing and howwe're doling it, then come on down § velurtrer.litte ea denmecratic e@ that. Actually, it is asarnerehistia as that. Thes's wat dows tre werk,gets te de it the way they wart to.Writing taxes mere work than yeu’'d hnow,unless yeu've done it. Yha joy comes fram beinggreeted at The Mest Coast er Faire each yearby the peeple who think you are@ & minor here forpessing the torch of Forbidden Knowledge. OX, so !have to put we with Chips Ahoy, inateed of David'sCeckia's, but the freedom is worth it. Keep thetorcen high, friends, Tt lights the darkness ofoppression.This artiele was seupleted? before The Great Fir.

Gibberish ¥by Pred SteinbeckBrrer Dep't;Ahem, yes, #0 there sre a few mistakes in someef my columns. To begin with, "Modifying Your PhonePor 163) Mz° in 084 hes a ematl problem. when fttalke about the treces going to the 1.C., trace $8from the left should be rew $2, not $1."Glue Box Fquipment and Usage" In $79 mentionsPert gources for the Green Box in £68. well, I'mhappy to aay that Advasced Computer Freducts noweffers 27C16's {they don't tell what access time)for $8.95, and 40103's for $1.89 each, a good sav-ings ever thetr old price of $4.25.Dr. Magic Pingers is correct, when he reportedim €85 that (415) 632-5015 {5 no longer a workingSrc dialup. Mewever, 832-$016 and 7 areas.Prefect VerifyI did some more research, and found thet RINGPWD Goesn't send 90¥ aut on the forward pert of theleop. Instesed, it aisconnects the forward part ofthe loop from the position for a short period oftime (lease than 0.5 seconds). On an overseas call,thia weold make the Inward operator's CLG lightflash on and off, signalling her to atop doing hernaile and get en with the call.What this does to verify elrculitcy te anyone'sgueus. If the connection ita long distance, thewinking of the T&P8 console would send 2600 fzBomentarily at the verify circuitry, which might bea posaibil tyneAnywey, operators generally don't use routingcedes anymore, except in a few areas (I wish I knewef a few of them). Now what an operator does toverify or interrupt is the fLollowing:Assume you have Jialed 047D, and the 7D {es theRumber you want verified. The operator then classescharge ae “station pald® and hits VPY. If VFYlights, it means the number can be verified. Shethen preases HOLD on loop 3}, and ACB (access) onloep 2. She then presses BT, which completes theverify call. If there is speech on the line, shewill bear encrypted speech. Assuming so, she thenhits SMEAR INT (emergency interrupt)» tella thenwhat's geing on, and then hite REL PWD (releaseCerward, which éropse the call on loop 2). She thenbits POS REL on loop 2, and ACS on loop 1, bringingher beck to you. She then reports, hits REC MSG(record message, which charges you) and then FOSREL, position release.Most #reas ro longer have "“TSPB MaintenanceBngineera” or frame calling the operator. However,if you do, you might want to try this, "Operator,Claes charge as station paid, and hit verify plusstart. Wow hit emergency interrupt, ne AMA, andposition release." This should heave the effect ofthrowing you into the call as a 3rd party, forfree. I wouldn't do this from home, however, be-Cause when you Call the operator, you are not freeof her until she position releases, Therefore, ifahe gets suapicious, you can hang up, but (t won'tde you any goed...PerephernaliaD6 F Zaterprines (7.0. bex 3357, Peabody, MA019606), ways Agent MDS, s@lle a "telephone loopickup co1l”, for $6,898. I would aseume it is muchike the Trinetica PC-48 inductive coupler, I havemot checked this place evt, but it weuld seem to bea good deal.Bey Techaelegias (408) 737-9160 sella the msc800 series of microproceasersz and support devices.Te £ind a supplier cleser to you, try callingWational Gemicendwctor at (408) 737-5000, and ask-ing for your local distributor,American Nicresystees, Inc. (AMI) produces whatthey call the “Telecomaunications Design Manual®.This fine beok, which is eoreelly a combinationCatalog ef ARI semiconductors, circuit layouts,schematics, articles, and an informative glossary,can be hed fer the price of a call (free) to (408)246-0330,Sell eyates locks ave @ special brand: BEST.They are what they claim to be. XY have never met aPerson whe could pick ‘ems What to do? Take ahacksaw to the leck from the top and cut the door-knob off. Them throw the bolt with a acrewdriver.It takes about 20 minutes, but it can be worth it.
The Telephone Pioneers of fuericaA Mavy Plot?wy Cheshire CatalystThe Telephone Pioneers of America is aservice organization mede up of retirees of theBell Syatee. provide many good works of whichthay, and the wll System can be proud. Thayectuelly carry on much of the work of AlexanderBrahem Beil, hisewlf. That is, bby inventing,building, tinkering «with and Croviding productethat can allow blind people to live sore norna)lives.For exemple, what can be sore normal than fora kh:@ to want to play The National Past ima,Baseball. The pioneers provide “Beeping Baseballs”to local pionewer proups§ that get them to theBandlots, and get the kids out there to the plate,This also provides lively invigowurating work forthe pionesra thewselves to perfors. Tris onceagain fosters the old adage that once one becomesa menber of The Bell Family, one will be "takencare@ of" for life. This wae true ua to a vary fewago, when the Bull System noticed thatcompetitors were eating into their markets, andthereby, thetr revenues. Bell had to gst Lean andMean, or dia. Gutting lean meant thet the deadwoodin the System hed to be set adrift. Thig is atopic for sore senolarly diuertaions, and not what[ want to Cover now. Pick up a copy of IDe@. PhoneBook by Edward Hyde for the corruption of the BellSyston.But The Pliorwers are pecpia who have sede itto retirement, and is more or lesa # social clubfor focial action in nen controvertie] arwas.Helping the handicapped is eomething that everyonecan segree ig a “good thing.” In order to raisemoney for the Pioneers, they sell various goodiessuch as model vintage phone trucks, and Bel)Syutee Jackets.These jackets ere usually blue or white, butgach has sowa distinctive markings. Firet ie thepair of stipes, Bell Blue & Bold, down the leftfrent af tha jacket, a pocket on the left sleeve,and ah Reerican Flag shoulder patch on the rightshoulder. Sometimes, there is «a Bell Gystea Logapatch on the ripht front of the jacket, buts!think that depende on which Pioneer chapterordered the jackets.Ae a Phone Phresh, I and others envy theeeeckets as being worn wy wembers of Theeleccamunicat ions Elite, and when a friendoffered to pet =e one, ! jumped at the chance.There wae only one thing tnat has bothered neabout the jacnets over the years, end 48 & ypoinsof sour grapes for ‘not having « j2achet, I justchuckled to myself over the problew. Now that]have a jacket, it is a problem I have tea deal withwyealf,Flag EtiguiteWhen a flag is displayed or worn on anarticle of clothing, i¢ shoule be worn as if itwere being carried ina forward direction. Thatis, mith thw flag pole te the front, with the flagtratling from the staff as the breere carries it.That is why on the right side of airliners ofReerican registry, and the right sides of@reyhmound & Trailways busses, the fleg looks"backwardea” froe the way it im ordinarilydisplayed.The Navy is the one exception to "Flag to thefront" rule. On the old Navy sailing ships, theflag flown from the stern of the ship would bewMmipped towards the front of the ship as the windfilled the sails, This is why the flag painted onthe tail of the Blue Angels, tha Nayy stunt flyingtoon, is backwards frow the standard.Flags which depict animels, such as the Dearom California's atate flag should be worn ae ifthe animal ia facing forward. Tre US BostsiService octessienally sends out mewos to it'speople reminding them that when tne Eagle is putom the side of a postal truck, it should alnuayaface the front.For some reason, people think the flag shouldQluaya be seen with the Blue field of stars on theleft hand side of the flag, as it pets depicted onpostage steepe. Bus and airline compenias knowthat this is wrong, airlines knowing i¢ fros themilitary (Air Force) beckprounde of it's pilot'sard mensgeeent thow else do you suppose pilots getthe flying Pours required to become a coamercialThis is why I'm wendering what to do with myBell Jacket. I've ecoeded the arwy surplus shossand unifors atores in the New York City eres, butI can’t find a flag patch to put on the rightshoulder of the jacket. Yhat's where the fla,patch belengs, becevse that's how the Bioneersapecified the jackets. I just want the flag thereto be in the right direction, I realize that TheDelt System pets alot of Navy contracts, hut 1used te be in the Aruy myself, and I want gy flagpatch en gy jacket in the proper direction. If anyof our readers know where I can find a proper flagpatch for the right shoulder, please write to ==at TRA. I'd love te know where to sail order it.

Miscellaneous InformationBy' TMk MAGICIAM.....The fellewing axe mizeallaneocus bits efinfermatien, reviens and tCrivia whieh axe efdintexrast te eux sendars!BOOKSAbbie Meffnans infeneus "Steal Trhie Beek” isnew back in publisation { Though seme ef themetexial in dated, the idanz exe still tharea sndwexrth sensifdering. The book even ecentains aschematis fer ena of the #ixet hbisaek tbox'sdasigned by YAP's own Al Ball.The beoek is being republished by AbbieRefzmans hrethec Jack. Yeu can get a copy byqending 93.98, (A Dit of an increase sinee the 0144.95. but thats infination), plus 82.00 shippingtertJack Reifnan Presantanew {5Woxeestar, MA 01613@xr the beek ean be ordaxed (perhaps a ditmexe safely ff) f£xem Mishaal Rey's Leenpanies.Meite them at!Leenmpanies tniinitadP.O. Ben 1197Pert Yewnsend, WA 9ERGEAZpaaking ef Loompaniasn. they Aava a nav beakout entitled: *The Cote Beek: Ail aboutundzresxable csedes and hew te wee thamTM hy MichaelgE. Maretta. The beek provides an excellentevervieu of meet eiphering and coding tashniques.Strangths and waskness'’s eof various teshniquer aragiven aleng with severel cemputez prograns (nesttm BASIC) te make usa ef the teehniquee (Thepregtans havea a few type'’s theugh...) (67.93 ¢02.060 shipping)Last, but net tLamst, a book that ia amaningdu thet it was published hy = mafer publisher andwas Semahew not suppressed |} The book is salied"The Pvusazle PalaveTM hy Janes Banferd, andpublished by MNeughten Mifflin Cempany. It dealswith Americas ROSY sesret oegéeney, Tha MationalSeeurity Ageansy. For yeu MSA buddies, you will finda wealth of infeorsatien. You will Raow yeuz wayareund MSA headquarters, (For the next time youwinit, F guess), yew will leara ell adeutWcarillen® an@ "LeadésteneTM (Computer centers inthe basement of MEA). It will tall yeu sbewtMaternal Telaphene systems thet axe truly sacsrat,wrlike AUTOVOM whieh in net really seeret at all.Yeu will even learn tRe name ef RSA’s efficialSaxzbex.Pox these of yeu uhoe den't Knew about MZA, 1muggect yeu read the beok te learn abeut an aganeywhe makes the CIA look like a buneh of reekies.Learn how NSA intexceapts ALL of your eoversans datatraffic, and a goed portion of yeux avarseans voicetgagdiie.At the time ef writing, The Puaule Palece isavailable at all beeKstexres fer 816.98 ex writathe publishers dirastly.Mert tine yeux talking overseas, suys 8 fawn"Target Werés' and tell the guys dewn in ‘SIGINTezry® helie tt!TELLPRONESFYiret eff. I semnend Fred Steinbeck ferwriting (im issue 8%), 5 VERY geed fellew-up te nyoriginal "Nedifying your YY phone fer 16373 hs”axrtiale (isewe 63). X have net yet had a chaneca teQupesiuent with the sew style YY phenas (uhiehapparentiy have tactile response keys instead ofjuct push down like the eld style !). XY ae gladte sea thet there are still seae geed tachneophreaks out there te sentinuse the art.The PIM (Persenal Xdentifiestieon Muabex)eredit aeard system leng enpoeted by phroaxs hasbeen inplenmaentad by Ball. Thins eystea willekfeetively and 989 pereent of sredit ecard frauéwithin the F.B. (TRey are atill using a standardeheaok digit «eeée fer international. Each fenemupber is dissued a % d@igit PIN whish hes avvelation te the assuesiated fene number. When theepezatexz (ex mew senetinas dizeetiy a vomputar,where you sxe able te TY entax your CC direstly onthe pay fena) chegks your eard, ede Revs it in onhes TEPS eonsole. SPCK then wees thea cCCcrsGatalinke te weheeR the csenputex at yeux leenl €.0.fez validity. Thus the epexates Knows very quiekiyAg the enx@ is valid ex not. Attempts te eaan ferwalid PIXe rem pay fenes equipped fer uutonatiaCC entry from TL. apparentiy ll step eesaptingtrys aiter ahewt ea dezen eos se attempts. andpresumebly print ea warning at thea Cantzal Officedex Bell Seevrity.An intexesting Cang overleekad) peint ef allthis in that sinee Bell has new inplamanted thisnew CC system nationwide, This means that EVERYC.0. in the ceuntry wust now ba equipped with atleest 1! cers Gatelink. The network is sgeing CCIZextrauely sapidly end tha day ef the Blve Sex(within the U.83. anyway) is qvuiekly dreaming te @vlese.Rise. CCYS eewld (and prebably dees) send thaCALLING fene number ever the initial datalink,thuis peaking inatant fene sali traces freneaywherea in the seuntry ta anypmwrtare, vary
deusibie. This will thus make “anonymous” calls -thing of the past. Bell wseuld avan efter thisfexviee to saustemers. You could know whe wascalling you hafere you evar answered the fone 'On enother subieot, a merd of WAAKING: I havaetated this befere, but will xepeut it te ellnewcomers and fergatisiul eld-tiners alike.Recently YAP hae printed infermation en haskingwith SPRINT, NOX ata. YFAiag is geed, in that TAPis the prepexr Ceniy? feorwue fer fzea OpenG@iseussion ef such topics... But Beunze ff It isabeaolute gerpel FACT that ealle te the lesalaecess pexts of these netuerks, drep 6 cord (printa xreeerd in £38) eenteining the salling number.While these suards (recerds) sre wsually ignored,they eeuld sean treudle, The eriginal purpose ofthis wap becuuse some phreaks ware dieling intoSPRINT, MCY ete. and then whipping te anetharlesation, and dinling inte Sail £33 venputare,attempting te change the eleaks ete. Tt wasextremely difgfieult for Bell te nail them aovaurethay wewld oeniy trace back te tha leenl MCI orBPAIKRY effice. Thus, @ we way “Ainferaal Beal®was mada. X# Bell Aad Creuwble, SPC o2 MCI wouldtell Bell what lees, access numbar wae vseed tedial the earrier. Bell seuld then go back. pullthe “esard"TM ané find out the fenea avedbexr ef theeulieazr, Yhe deal werks the other way alse! If RCIef spc dataet 26 fraudulent oaal} {(Custonereomplains he @idu't eall Oshekesh NI S7 times).Thay will first try te resolve it by eheeking withthe "selled” numbax. If that deaen’t pan evt, thenthay will raqguest Bell te tell then the avaberthat ealled tha exriginating port. With Crogsdaz &syetems ete. The sara eould eniy “TRAP* tha@enlliag number 12 is salled grem within the suseC.0. (CIY# fgrem tha eutsida, it only pointed te thenent C.0. in the ehnin). But new mith ESS cunningwith cCcrgs they will >be ebie te trase theexriginating Rumber anywhere. Thus 1g yeu AUST playwith SPC, MCX ox any of tha ethars, ba VERY VEYeareafgul and deo seo only fxeom disereet pay fones.On ether Talephane tepics, many slastreniessteres are RO selling wirelass remote eeatreltelephones, and have dame's heekad up in theatoxes fex valasnen use and demonstrations. Mestef thasa phenas aperate st on of near the sanefrequension (usually axeund &9 mha.) If peu buyene of these, try te gat ene the sase Frag. a8the stores. Then it is a simple matter te pullyour eax in theix perking let aiter thay olese,and te piok wp yeur handy “ear phone” triggeringtheizx base wnit. You san then make sil the LongBintanece eslls peu want eourtesy of the stere(Trill they figure out whats geing on. which aouldba a LONG Cima). Plaase nete hewavar, that in thisday and age, mest suall stores sre barely serxing4¢ aleng. Se PLEASE doen't xiyp than off Lika thin,UNLESS they have cippad you off fixret.. than HAPPYDIALING THitA mass enlling numbex that 8 let of eux mora“paxrvertedTM xeadexze eight like te smli, featuressevordings of yeung ladies {rem porno magazinestatking abeut thenmsalvas ete. Yhe reeoxdingschange | sevple ef tines a day.DIAL’ 24123°976423727 .Alee, vackie Rartlings infemews x-zated diala jexe reas Been running fex about 3 years now 1(Changes daily)'DIAL® 816092299863DESIGN TAPS MEN OBOWith the changed overcoaing TAP, as well asthe entire telecocsmunications inédustry, we at TAPhave decided that TAP needs a naw logo. Bubsit sdesign, and sae how yeu do., It doesn't have to be"camera-resdy". We'll get eon artist to de uo thefinal draft, We want idese. Strange ideas. YOURideas!There will pe @ prize involved, but wa don'tknow what yet. send in your idea's, and we'll seewhat you deserve. Walp prepsre TRO for it’s newdirection in the Computer Age!
TAPTo Room 603TAP New “York 10836PUBLISHED BI- MONTHLY FOR INFORMATIONALPURPOSESONLY SINCE 1971a7