THE YOUTH INTERNATIONAL PARTY LINE’ 
a special 
no. 18 
may 1972 
Dear YIPL, 
I dig what you're doing and it certainly comes out of hav- 
ing a “high level of consciousness''-so why not be that on 
all levels? ---and stop using the term "MA BELL". (ok, 
quit making that face and listen!) 
First, that term is just another way to lay Something 
negative on females-Mom, Momism, etc. (another dirty 
name, if you will) and second, we all know its an elite, 
white, male power group that rules and oppresses all of us 
=*so c'mon féllows, be really hip and together and change 
the term (radical women did at least 3 years ago) to 
“PA BELL"---cause you know there's not one women with 
any kind of power at AT&T! Keep on keepin on... 
-CC NY- 
Dear Brothers and.Sisters, 
Tam writing this letter in an effort to obtain your assis- 
tance in putting a stop to this neo-Nazi brainwashing 
START 
here at the U.S, Medical Center, 
Springfield, Mo. 8,T. A, R.T. (Special Treatment and 
Rehabilitation Training) bas been in operation since Sept. 
1972, I have been here since Feb. , 1973 and I can hon- 
estly state that this"programt' is only punishment under 
the guise of treatment; I have personally seen fellow pri- 
Soners drugged and brutally beaten for having the courage 
to stand 
up as men. If you care to know more about 8. T. 
A.R.T. , please let me know. We need your help, in the 
following manner. 1) Write to Norman A. Carlson, Dir., 
U.S. Bureau of Prisons; 101 Indiana Ave. N.W., Wash., 
D.C. 20537 and ask him to either abolish 8, T. A. R.T. 
or make it voluntary. 2) Write to the U.S, Magistrate; 
U.S, District Court; Western District of Missouri; Spr- 
ingtield, Mo, 65801_and ask him to rule on behalf 
of the 
isoners who are 
Challenging this "program", We sin- 
cerely thank you in advance. Peace and Power, 
Note: 
-Inmate, Missouri-~ 
Call Norman Carlson at (202) 737-8200 ext. 2226 and 
talk to some surprisingly nice people about your concern. 
sex change issue 
AMMO 
The Carter Phone decision gave birth to the booming 
interconnect" industry, allowing manufactures other than 
-Western Electric to produce and sell phone equipment for 
connection to the phase system, and in place of otherwise 
high monthly rental rates for BELL equipment, Now, the 
Phone kompany is striking back! They're undercutting 
their rates for the equivalent independent equipment, and 
raising the rates upon which they have a monopoly, namely 
monthly service. This rate - juggling is being rubber 
Stamped by the public service‘commissions around the 
Kountry. That means that you pay more for your own phon 
to make up for losses PA BELL sustains strangling free 
enterprize... Donn Parker, computer scientist at the 
Stanford Research Institute has investigated one hundred 
computer-related crimes and "in almost every case there 
is some new aspect-something that hasn't occurred before. 
Computer criminals, he Said, tend to be "very young, very 
‘bright and highly motivated" persons who see na wrong in 
attacking a large corporation. Their intelligence and mot- 
ivation, coupled with security techniques far behind the 
rest of the industry, leave large corporations facing poten- 
tially staggering losses of info, computer programs and 
valuable equipment. :. The University of Arizona Student 
Union took AT&T before the FCC, because of their refusal 
to lease a toll free WATS line'to them. WATS is designed, 
AT&T said for high-voliime commerical customers who 
find it cheaper to buy phone service at a flat rate rather 
than by the unit call, (English Translation-Quantity dis- 
counts for the biggies only, and screw everyone elsel)... 
Ringback for Madison step exchanges 255, 256 is 91911. 
251 and 257 are ESS exchanges. Ringback is 978 plus 4 
digits plus push switch-hook once and hang up... AT&T has 
no device to attach to residential phones to prevent unauth- 
orized long distance phone calls. "We frown upon such 
devices." When asked about the model they offer to large 
businesses, a Bell service rep said, "Yes we do have that, 
but cannot install it on Private lines," Ever felt like cutting 
down on the amount of long distance calls made from your 
Phone? One guess why the Phone Kompany has no such 
device for YOUI...A phreak in Wisconsin was-recently 
busted when a central office repairman'overheard"' multi- 
frequency _tones 
on the line. Just happened to be 
through... Tel Aviv (AP)-Two international telephone 
operators in Tel Aviv are looking for new jobs. Premier 
Golda Meir was on the overseas phone recently, talking 
with her ambassador to Washington, Yitzhak Rabin. 
‘The conversation turned to an article in an American 
newspaper. "Which newspaper was it in?" Rabin asked, 
"In the Washington Post," came the unsolicted answer 
from an operator, one of two who Subsequently were fired 
for eavesdropping, 
. 
L, Patrick Gray, Director 
YIPL 
Dear Pat, 
By dialing (212) 797-8079, you can get a recording which 
will let you practice listening to Australian and Japanese 
telephone signals. 
-DICK-
no MORE 
LONG DISTANCE CALLS! 
01\0DE 
GREEN 
‘This device will prevent outgoing long-distance calls on 
your telephone or phone line. It waS devised by a reader 
who discovered that the local phone office in his area 
reverses the polarity of the low-voltage for one second 
after a long-distance, or operator, or 211 call is dialed. 
Installing a diode, which does not permit current to flow 
through it in one direction, prevents this one-second 
reverse current from flowing and thus the phone acts as 
if it was hung up for that second. Thus you get a new 
dial tone. To see if it will work on vour line, try it. The 
diode, which should be at least 100 volts and 1 amp, will 
give you a dial tone if installed correctly, and will allow 
no sound at all if you put in backwards. In that case you 
should reverse the two wires. 
Hf you wire/ 
& switch across the diode, you can bypass it for special\ 
use, A magnetic reed switch in the phone can be used by 
placing 
a magnet near the switch for that critical 
one- 
second period after dialing the long-distance call. Then 
the magnet can be removed, 
UST THINK 
if people 
it 
mmole tbo t 
Tis inf Homes! 
(probed 
for ther 
Try me to Miami! 
enrife. lives) 
‘Thin touch-tone keyboards with 12 buttons are made by 
Raytheon 12EF-20457 for $8.25. They can be obtained 
from Connector Concepts, Box 511, Port Washington, 
N.Y. 11050, Miniature capacitors, smaller than the 
Sprague 192P, are made by U.S. Capacitor. Most are 
available with NPO(zero capacitance change from -55 to 
ae. .) Address:2151 N. Lincoln St., Burbank, Ca. 
Many phreaks have expressed the interest in contacting 
other YIPL readers in their area. However, we won't 
just give out names to anyone who asks. There may be 
way, however, and that is for anyone who wants to meet 
other phreaks to write us, and we'll pair you up with an- 
other phreak who has written us, then we'll write the two 
of you and let you both know the other persons name and 
number or adress. If anyone has a better idea, let us 
know, and we'll announce next month how we're doing it. 
Im (BM! 
ATS 
fblic Fornary 
UST THINK if ALL THOSE WIRES: 
WENT INTO ONE. BUILDING 
——— 
\AND YOU OWNED THE. 
BUILDING) 
J
WE TRY HARDER 
By Abbie Hoffman 
Obviously one reason for publishing YIPL has to do with 
free speech. Free speech like in "why should anyone pay 
for talking" and Free speech like in "Why shouldn't any- 
one be allowed to print any kind of information they want: 
including 
how to rip off the phone company. As revealed 
in issue no. 14, the phone company 
is trying 
to build a 
case against YIPL. [t is also moving on other grounds, 
namely to convince legislators to pass laws prohibiting 
the publishing of this info. Many states, notably Califor- 
nia have already moved in this area. However, none of 
these laws has yet to be tested constitutionally, Neither 
YIPL nor Steal This Book nor any underground public- 
ation here has been prevented from publishing any info, 
namely because there are no New York laws making it 
illegal. Last year through the determined efforts of 
Gerald Schutzer ((212)394-4141)extension 3924) Legis- 
lative Representative for NYT&T, Assemblyman Robert 
F. Kelly (D) Brooklyn tried to railroad just such 
a bill 
into law. It passed the State Assembly and the Senate 
with little debate by overwhelming votes, however, Gov. 
Rockefeller (who uses a blue box) vetoed the bill. His 
reasons were basically First Amendment. "It 
does not 
appear desirable that conversation which might:be direc~ 
ted at theft of services 
be raised to the level of a crim- 
inal act per se". Persons in other states fighting similar 
statutes are advised to get the full text of the ruling. 
Write to: Executive Chamber, Albany, N, Y, Ask for 
Memorandum #170 filed with Assembly Bill #10564(6-4- 
Recently my closest friend had an unusual experience on 
the phone. He was talking to the receptionist at a major 
insurance company when a freak connection occured. AS 
clear as day they both found themselves listening to 
a 
conversation between two big narcotics dealers arranging 
for an exchange of a brown package containing raw heroin 
for $300, 000 in cash. The person with the heroin was to 
pull up to a midtown Manhattan newstand in a heavily 
Populated area at 10 minutes before 8:00 P,M, He was 
to leave the package on the newstand. Simultaneously 
_ the other party was to leave tte cash in a folded up 
newspaper on the same newstand. The car was clearly 
identified as was the place.To make it even heavier, one 
of the dudes discussed having to bump off two people the 
/—— night before. It was 4:30 P,M. My friend had 3 hours to 
come up with a plan. What would you have done? The n 
next 3 hours were jam-packed with excitement and he's 
currently working on a screenplay about the whole not-to- 
be-believed event. 
What happened will be in the next issue. Maybe. 
. 
[JUST 
THN 
ac iF AL 
aa 
mo ovt. nay umawe 
eee sc aS 
PRamIsnON 
PE 
ba 
ab 
Goecccas 
oostoog 
apoaccong 
o8000 50g 
As we said in the February issue, Pa Bell is making the 
operators question credit-carders to make the phreaks - 
hang up. So it's good to know the area code and company 
name, and of course the telephone number which is most 
always the first 7 digits of the credit card. And don't be 
Surprised to learn that they ask for your name, which 
can of course be faked. They have.the facility for 
out-of-town credit cards only as far as the area code is 
for the proper RAO code (the last 
3 digits), and possibly 
the company’ name or number, The only purpose of the 
interrogation is to discour: 
and knowin: 
it 
° 
thing is easier than ever. ages 
§ that the whale 
‘This month we salute the Bureau of Indian Affairs, who 
confines the original inhabitants of this country to rotten 
holes called reservations, not allowing the people the 
right to determine their own futures, while their land is 
being raped by corporations. The BIA, whose credit card 
number in Washington, D, C. is 343 1100 032 N (area code 
202), and in Los Angeles (area code 213) is 688 2860 184N 
is partly to blame for the deaths at Wounded Knee, and 
@ continuing policy of Indian genocide, 
For credit calls back to the U.S, -Say to the International 
operator-This is an international credit card call. My 
credit card number is: 1-F (then repeat your number as 
usual). From Canada, Bermuda and the Caribbean, 1-F 
is not required. 
DEAR YIPL, 
T recently obtained a copy of the party line from a friend, 
and I am interested in recieving it myself. I think you're 
doing a great job if you can keep it up. Now for some info, 
to drive the Nashville info op's out of their gourds try this, 
dial 615 555 1212 after 
a few rings a hick operator witha 
drawl says "What city?" When you say Nashville she 
connects you With Nashville, thus you are going through 
one info op to get to another, here's where the fuh begins, 
Ask for WLAC-TV while she is looking that up whistle a 
Short burst of 2600HZ into the phone and the original op 
Starts ringing again while the nashville op is still on the 
line. This really blows their minds and yours because you 
are connected with the original op asking "what city?" 
You can do this forty or fifty times if your good. Other 
things to ask for are WSM radio, WLAC-FM, Ramada Inn, 
Hertz, etc. Here in the majority of the Bay State area 
the ring back codes are 670,890,780, and 960. Identificat- 
ion is 830, also the number to the Sari Jose communicators 
are 408 748 7777 and 7487740 also 408 Other communict- 
ors are 702 789 6711, 415 630 1212/ 707 482 4000,/ 213 
842 9151/ 213 624 7171/ 714 238 3111/ 714 832 8282/ and 
714 682 7771 other phun numbers that will get you in touch 
with most Cal switchboards are local prefix +0010/0015/ 
0009/0012/0055, local loops here are prefixed +0044/0045 
/0048/0049. For the BB crowd try this routing KP+011+ 
0444ST then KP+182+ST 
, KP +044+834 4790:ST 
Hf you can't get an IOTC trunk use this route KP+182+ST/ 
KP+044+834 4799+ST both routings get you to the same 
place which is a pay phone in Victoria Station. in London, 
England. Note to all Chief Special Agents: Get Screwed!
‘The inflationary spiral is taking its toll around the 
world today, especially in the U.S. We blame greedy 
corporations, the prime example being AT&T. 
‘With all the profits they are making, why are people 
borrowing more and saving less? Because, friends, our 
public utility, the phone company, does not use the profits 
to improve phone service. As you can see by the chart, 
more than 45% of your #14 brass washer pays for profit 
and expenses which are unnecessary in a true public 
service giving free local service to everyone(marketing, 
part of accounting, interest, and regressive taxation). 
Ina socialist economy, the phone company wouldn't have 
to advertise(marketing expenses), It doesn't have to now! 
There's no.competition! As far as taxation goes, a poor 
person pays the same amount of tax on a monthly basic 
charge as someone better off, even though the tax goes 
Straight to the government(and to the military waste). 
And local telephone service costs the phone company that 
same 45%1 Which means that a socialist economy would 
provide service improvements like this in the other so- 
called public utilities in this country. 
WHERE YOUR 
SLUG GOES. 
This is the first in a series of monthly articles exdrmn-* 
ining how telephone service may be improved, in both the 
short and the long range. Write us your ideas, 
BACK ISSUES-60¢ 
1+ Extenstons, conference switehes 
2- Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripoffs 
3+ Telecommand Story 
4- Pay Phone Issue 
S- Blue Box 1 Now obsolete 
& Blue Box 
2 
‘7 ‘Tuning your organ 
Credit card calls and 1972 code 
[Super dupor projectiSee issue 11) 
[Receive tong distance calls Free 
12-Bluo Box Plans 
13-Intornational Calls 
14-International Calls & AT&T Papers 
+18-1973 Credit Code, T Network 
16-Red Box Plans 
17-Red Box, Line Relay 
FACT SHEETS-25¢ 
‘How not to get caught making credit calls 
Recolving long distance calls Freefissue 11) 
ANTI-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/83.00 
DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE- Free-Just 
send as much info as you want back in a 
stamped, self-addressed envelope. 
Renew if your address has 2 Zor less on it, 
‘YIPL, Room 604, 152 W. 42.8t., N,Y.,N.¥, 10036 
‘Mailing address only, don't send cash, PLEASE! 
Dear YIPL- 
A "Diez Centavos" piece(translation: Ten Centavos) 
from Mexico, can be used as quarters in ALL pay 
Phones 
in the U.S. A Ten Centavo piece can be purcha- 
Sed at any bank in Mexico for 3/4 of a cent, or can be 
purchased in the U.S, at most coin exchanges for about 
5¢. (Many banks are coin exchanges-Ed. 
) 
-B.B, CAL, - 
YIPL, 
Re. #16, p. 3, lower right corner: Telco Info (free) 
San Francisco 415-630-1212 San Jose 408-748-7777 
Sacramento 916-480-8000 Also Honolulu(not sure if 
free) 808-533-4426 
This is not top secret but designed for Telco employees. 
Keep up good work, 
YIPL, 
On most older exchanges, you can get the phone to ring 
by dialing 660 then waiting for a whining sound, and only 
after you hear the whine, dial 6 and hang up. The phone 
will ring. 
. 
If you dial 660, wait for the whine, dial 
7 instead of 6,& 
hang up, the phone will ring in 4 short bursts. Sounds 
very important, urgent, Keep up the good work. 
-M. 8. N.Y.- 
Dear YIPL, 
T called one of the loop nos. in Chicago, and the next 
afternoon a man from the tel. co. called and asked why 
I would call a test no. ,and where I got the no. I said 
that when I got home there was a written message to 
call that no, , and it was sloppily written and I must have 
not made it out right. The guy seemed satisfied. 
-B. E.- 
RENEW 
Tf you subscribed before issue no. 8 and don't renew im- 
mediately you won't get the next issue of YIPL. If you 
cannot afford the two bucks, write us and we'll renew you, 
And if you from time to time miss an issue, go to your 
Post office and fill out a form. When people start doing 
something the post office will stop censoring our mail. 
Published for informational purpeses only by The Youth International Party Line.