TAP RAP by TOM EDISON 
Welcsme t2 1984 minus 4! On behalf of the TAP staff of 
burn outs and myself, let me wish all our readers a happy, 
healthy, crime-filled New Year. Let me start the New Year 
by giving you an update of past, present, and future TAP 
events. 1979 was a very bad year for TAP financially, due 
primarily to the purchase of our new computer and printer. 
We lost more than half of all our subscribers. Why so many 
of our readers chose not to renew their subscriptions is a 
mystery to me. I know that inflation has taken its toll on all 
ofus. Our printing, postage, and operating expenses have 
amassed to almost double what they were last year. Several 
readers have suggested that I raise our sub rates as a means 
of increasing our income but I feel that by keeping our sub 
rates low we will attract more readers. I mean what the hell 
can you get today for 50¢ ? Not even HALF 
a gallon of gasi 
My role as Editor is to screen all submitted articles and to 
print the best ones. Your job as a subscriber is to get more 
people to subscribe. I had planned on publishing TAP every 
month starting with this issue but the expense was more than 
we can afford at this time. I will circumvent our financial 
problems by continuing to put my personal funds into TAP. 
YOU can help by sending in your renewal as soon as you get 
your first renewal notice. Don't wait until the last minute. 
WE NEED THE MONEYIIHITEIEIDEEEEUPE 
TELE T 
‘Postage paid renewal envelopes will be sent with your first 
renewal notice from now on, Please use them. 
BETIER LIVING -- THROUGH CHEMISTRY: 
By OZ ¥. MANDIAS & AGENT MDA 
This article is a first for TAP in that it is 
the result of an international joint effort; it is 
only through a pooling of knowledge and resources 
that we can hope to break the oppressor's strangle- 
hold on our liberty. In this issue we shall explore 
information sources for the underground chemist, 
amateur or expert. 
A major part of being a successful Owsley is to 
have at one's disposal the best technology and tech- 
niques; however, the efforts of the alternative press 
have been pretty dismal in this respect, with only 
a couple of exceptions. "Psychedelic Chemistry" 
(mentioned by 0Z in TAP #57) which deals with 95% 
of the psychedelics, outclasses them all although 
it requires familiarity with organic chemistry. 
Pot alchemists, even amateurs, will find that 
“Marijuana Potency” (by Stark, And/or Press, $5) 
covers subjects like oil and hash making, isomeri- 
zation and even growing, pretty thoroughly. 
Uncle Sam wants us to stay high, too. U.S. Pat- 
ents detailing drug manufacturing processes are 
available for 50¢ each from the U.S. Patent and 
Trademark Office, Washington, D.C., 
21231. British 
Patents, and other foreign patents, are also avail- 
able through the U.S. Patent Office for 30¢ per page. 
Copies of the patents may also be found in some 
large libraries. For convenience, here are some of 
the patent numbers for a few psycho-active substanc: 
Ketamine -- USP #3,254,124 
Magnesium Pemoline -- USP #3,108,045 (1963) 
AMT -- British Patent #911,499 (Nov. 28, 1962) 
Psilocybin --USP #3,075,992 (1963 to Sandoz) 
Pop US? #3097, 136 {1963 to Parke, Davis & Co.) 
one -- USP #2,806,033 
(1957, 
Morphine from Opium -- USP #2,740,787 (1956) 
Methaqualone --British Patent #843,073 
Levo-Dromoran --USP #2,744,112 (1956) 
Other patent numbers may be found in the “Merck 
Index", which may be available in the reference sec- 
tion of one's local university science, library. 
This useful book lists thousands of chemicale and 
drugs, their properties and where to find their 
__ 
synthesis, a patent and/or reference to a scientific 
journal. 
‘A couple of other good sources are “The 
Organic Chemistry of Drug Synthesis" (by Lednicker, 
1977) and the older “May's Chemistry of Synthetic 
Drugs". ‘These both outline the manufacture of 
hundreds of drugs, and they tell where to find the 
exact synthesis. For example: 
=~ 
wT 
JAN-FEB 1980 
NO.61 
TAP 
ROOM 603 
147 W. 42ST. 
NEW YORK 10036 
Amphetamine -- Chem Abstracts 36: 2532 
PCP -- Chem Abstracts Vol 54: 24827 
Ketamine -- Chem Abstracts 61: 55694 
a-methyl-tryptamine -- J. Organic Chem. 25: 1548 
Methadone ~- J. Am. Chem. Soc. 69, 188, 2454 (1947) 
THC --J.A.C.S. 88, 367 (1966) 
Amyl nitrite -- Chem Abstracts Vol 40: 1443 (6) 
There are a number of books in the organic synthesis 
section that are also useful in locating syntheses 
in the science literature. Occasionally a journal 
article or patent will not be in english; however, 
the Chem Abstracts may have the translation or cor- 
responding U.S. Patent number. 
To keep at the forefront of underground chemistry, 
ene should keep pace with the current journals. Some 
really excellent articles that are practically guides 
for the underground chemist may be found in "Clinical 
Toxicology": 1) Drugs of Abuse in the Future, Vol 
8, pps. 405-456 (1975); 2) Illicit synthesis of PCP 
and several of its analogs, Vol 9, pps. 553-560 
(1976); and 3) Synthetic Heroin -- Like Analogues 
Vol 7, pps. 259-260 (1974). 
Making legal analogues of controlled substances 
is where it's at today in underground chemistry. 
For every controlled drug there are hundreds of 
analogues that are legal to make and posses that 
are just as good if not better. For example, in- 
stead of making illegal DMT, make the legal ana- 
logue AMT. U.S. Code, Title 21, Food and Drugs, 
lists controlled substances, and it is a great place 
to look for ideas for legal analogues. In general, 
the gist of current drug law is: 
1) many isomers of 
CDS's are not legal, 2) most analogues of illegal 
DS's are legal, and 3) if one got arrested with a 
legal analogue of an illegal CDS, he could hire his 
own expert chemist to get a sample of the drug he 
was arrested for and testify in court that it is, 
in fact, a legal substance. 
Suppliers of specific chemicals can be found in 
CHEM SOURCES, Directories Publishing Co., P.O. Box 
422, Flemmington, N.J. 08822. In addition, Buckeye 
Scientific Co., Box 15181, Columbus, Ohio, 43215, 
Phone (614) 276-2273, will sell watched precursors 
{at a reasonable mark-up because freight charges 
are included in the price) to anyone, and they imply 
that they won't notify the DEA. ‘Their catalogue and 
list of DEA watched chemicals is $10 (TAP also has 
them). Although some suppliers of watched chemicals 
may not turn in reports to the DEA, the books of 
their shipping agents (like UPS) may be watched by 
police, so be careful and use intelligent security 
measures. Good luck with your projects, stay high, 
and stay fre
Computing for the Masses: 
A Devious Approach 
by A. Ben Dump 
With all the 
timesharing computers around 
today, there is a lot of computing power going to 
waste. Most of you know a good deal about the 
fone 
gystem and since the fone system is the means 
for computer communication, there is the potential 
for much accomplishment. 
It's your American duty 
to go out and consume some of this awesome amount 
of unused computer time since nobody wants to pool 
it as-a computer utility and make it available to 
everyone because it would probably aot make a 
profit. 
This 
information is 
provided 
for 
informational and educational purposes only since 
the Feds have made it a major crime (like 5 years 
and $10,000 dollars or more) 
to fuck in ANY way 
with any government computer. 
They are trying to 
extend this to all computers (to the tune of 15 
years and $50,000) since the government contracts 
a 
lot of 
sensitive 
work to 
universities, 
manufacturers, and think-tanks. 
Getting into 
corporate computers can be hairy since they think 
you're after their trade secrets(who cares?). 
Also, getting into financial computers can also 
bring down great shit since people are very touchy 
about money. Part one of this article talks about 
how to 
get access 
to a 
computer; 
part 
two goes 
into what techniques to use once you're on a 
system, 
Part one is mainly common sense and 
phreaking skills applied to computers. 
Part two 
gets into some heavier computer software shit, so 
find a friend who is a real computer hack and go 
to it. Thanks to the Magician for constructive 
comments and to Mike the computer for lots of 
experience. 
There are two basic problems to be solved if 
you're going to work with computers. The first is 
how to gain access; the second is what to do once 
you have access. 
The assumption is that you have 
a number to call the computer. 
If not, 
you'll 
have to apply some fone phreak skills to get a 
dialup. Scanning around the main fone number of 
of companies that might have timesharing computers 
can be interesting. Also, you could try calling a 
timesharing company and asking for the dialup 
claiming that you forgot the number. The Bull 
System has its own share of computers which you 
might find while scanning for other things. See 
TAP Issue 50 for information on tandem scanning. 
If you really want to get into the fone aspects of 
computers, find out more about computer networks 
like Telenet and Tymnet. 
I think National CSS has 
their own 
computer network. 
These networks 
usually have a dialup in a large city (over 50,000 
say) or a place where there are lots of users. 
Some computer centers are also providing 800 
numbers to their network rather than local dialups 
in each city. 
The easiest method of access is to be a 
legitimate user. For those of you who think this 
is no fun, please skip to the next section. 
If 
‘re a student ct a university or live near one, 
it's sometimes possible to get a complementary 
computer account or to give some bullshit about a 
special project and get an account under a phony 
name. The word ‘account! as used here means both 
patch account numbers and timesharing userids. 
Batch 
account numbers 
can 
be 
useful 
when 
submitting jobs from timesharing or for doing 
terrible things when you don't want to be caught a 
sitting duck. Class account numbers (meant to be 
used for course work) are no good unless you share 
it with a bunch of other people. 
If none of this is possible, then you'll have 
to do a 
little footwork. 
Check out a university 
computer center or terminal 
toom for output 
tings or card decks which aren't being watched. 
The qarbage from small or medium sized computer 
companies is another possibility, though a lot of 
them have paper shredders now. Some people are 
determined enough that they will search through 
the shreds to piece together a 
userid and a 
password. Inga terminal room, 
the key is to keep 
your eyes and ears open. 
Look over shoulders 
discreetly and watch for people who dial 800 
numbers or other numbers with too many digits. 
Clieck out people whose terminal is still working 
when the system that everybody is supposed to be 
using is down. It's not good to keep trying to 
access the system if you don't have the correct 
password or any idea what-it might be. 
If you 
know who owns the userid, try guessing at various 
things 
(phone number, girlfriend's name, other 
dumb shit). Even the shittiest system will put a 
message to the system log or the operator's 
console 
about 
an 
illegal 
access 
attempt. 
Hardwired terminals sometimes have key or magnetic 
stripe access and no password scheme. 
Key locks 
can be picked and an existing magnetic stripe 
could be "developed"(make visible the code on the 
stripe) anda new, bogus stripe made up. 
You 
could also use your trusty Blue Box to autoverify 
the computer dialup and “piggyback” the line with 
your terminal or computer in order to record the 
userid and the password. 
Sometimes the phones in 
terminal 
rooms 
are 
toll-restricted 
or 
centrex-restricted which can make calling other 
computers more difficult. 
Hiding the origin of 
your call within the great Bull System is good to 
do if you want to scan for passwords. 
All systems have some sort of supervisor or 
privileged state for userids. On some systems, if 
you know the right command, any userid can become 
privileged. on others, you still need to know the 
magic command, 
but execution 
of that 
command is 
limited to just a few userids. The most secure 
system is where only the operator in the machine 
room has privilege or only certain userids are 
generated into the system as privileged or you can 
only use privilege from a hardwire terminal. 
In 
some systems, there is one userid generated into 
the system when it comes from the manufacturer. 
Some installations don't bother to change this 
userid or its password EVER. One APL system has 
the main operator id 
(almost always 314159) 
without a password. They're just hoping that the 
dialups are disabled whenever the operator is not 
logged on. 
Once you have privilege, it's possible 
to take and maintain total control of the system 
until either the operator gets upset and takes the 
system down or until 
someone with privilege 
manages to logon despite your efforts. 
If you get 
a privileged userid, look for an online operator's 
quide 
for information 
about special 
system 
functions and features. 
Check out some of the 
programs on the userid and list out any files that 
seen interesting, 
Names like SHUTDOWN, FORCE, 
ENABLE, DISABLE, 
etc. are the types of commands 
that operators use. 
Sometime you can use 
a 
privileged userid to create a new userid for 
yourself (maybe even with privilege). Try and get 
the manufacturer's operator manual and/or the 
system programmer manual for the system that 
you're using. This can be difficult since the 
most useful information is usually restricted. 
Program logic manuals are not very useful unless 
you know exactly what you are looking for. 
What do you do if you get forced off the system 
or you get a 
message asking you to call the 
computer center? Well, do it. 
Bullshit as usual. 
Knowing who you are supposed to be can be very 
important here. 
Look at the files and programs on 
the userid that you're using and try to find out 
who the owner is and what he does. 
If they want 
to call you to verify that you are real by calling 
you back, have them call 
a looparound with you on 
the other side. Remember, computer operators are 
not always the brightest folks 
(having been a 
computer operator, I've seen some 
real winners). 
on off-shift (after 6 PM), there is usually nobody 
for them to check with on what to do. 
On most 
systems, there is not much that an operator can do 
to disable a userid or otherwise do anything about 
an illegal access. 
Success at computing depends quite a bit on 
what kind of software the system uses. There are 
so many different systems that it is impossible to 
qive any hard and fast rules on what to do. 
Some 
systems tell you when you've committed a security 
violation, others don't. Some systems drop the 
fone line after three or five unsuccessful logon 
attempts. Newer products tend to be more reliable 
and secure than old software, but there is a 
h@lluva LOT of old, rinky-dink software around.
Most systems have some sort of news or HELP file 
with all sorts of great info about the system. 
Sometimes responding with a question mark to an 
error will get more info about the mistake. Look 
for listings of additional dialups and other 
system information while youtve got the chance. 
The kind of terminal that you use can help the 
effort a lot. You must be able to select several 
different data rates. 
110 and 300 bits per 
second (bps) are the most common although some do 
have 600 and 1200 bps dialups. Most computers 
talk in ASCII except for IBM machines which talk 
in EBCDIC. 
IBM also 
uses a different data 
rate(134.5 bps) 
for its 
low speed terminals 
(2740's, 2741's). Some systems are smart enough to 
figure out what speed and what character code your 
terminal 
uses. 
CRT 
terminals are 
best 
for 
something terrible that you want to do quick and 
have no record of but for most work, you'll want 
to use a hardcopy terminal so you'll have some 
reference material. 
I recommend the TI Silent 700 
and its 
relatives or the Intertec 
SUPERTERM. 
As 
we will see later, a paper tape reader/punch can 
be handy also. 
Recommend reading is Digital 
Aspects of Data Communication by John E. McNamara 
and published by Digital Press, Maynard, Nass. 
This costs 
about $20 
and is 
an excellent 
introductory book and also covers many advanced 
topics in a clear, consise manner. 
You might also 
check out books about computer crime so you can 
learn from others people successes and mistakes. 
The 
next 
logical 
step 
from 
flexible, 
semi-intelligent terminals is to a full-blown 
mini/microcomputer. 
This is the newest 
and most 
effective means a gather information on other 
computers. 
Our first attempt at this was a 
proaram which punched a paper tape with the stuff 
that 
we would have had to type in. 
Then we 
started the paper tape reader which runs faster 
than anyone can type and it doesn't make any 
mistakes. We were able to use this method both to 
gain access and to do stuff once we were logged 
on. 
You could also try making a paper tape loop 
of something insidious, The infamous computer 
‘Charlie! was used to dial 800 numbers and scan 
for WATS extenders. 
I'm designing a system now 
that will automatically scan for computer dialups, 
test them for data rate, and possibly even attempt 
access. 
Having a computer as 
an assistant is the 
most creative way 
to go about this since you can 
write a 
program to perform almost any manual 
function, assuming you have the proper interface 
circuits. If you wish to try this, you will need 
a modem and a digital/analog(D/A) convertor to 
generate Touch Tones or 
MF under computer control 
plus 
an 
analog/digital(A/D) 
convertor so your 
computer can hear what's going on. 
Information on 
this will be forthcoming in future issues. 
More 
details on iterative methods via computer will be 
discussed further in part two of this article. 
LETTERS FROM READERS 
Dear T*r, 
I would like to thank you for giving me « 
forum on which ‘I could express my anger and 
hatered for MA BELL. I wes overcharged $25 
on my phone bill end was told if T did Not 
pey it I would heve my service cut off. Reing 
frustrated I decided to pley their geme «nd 
pey the $25, Now I was looking for © way to 
redeem this money, but not in cash- in aggra- 
vation for the phone company. I have been 
. 
gluing the locks on their fortress pay phones 
closed, both top and bottom locks so the only 
way thes could get their money out is to remove 
the whole booth. I find the best ones to do sre 
the ones with high traffic, that way you cxn be 
sure that it will be replaced to do it again, 
I have been doing about 4 «4 day end the more I 
do the better I feel, Please note that no other 
damage hes been done to the phone so it can still 
be usdd by anyone having to make en emergecy cull. 
I hope that all Tap members will give this little 
game @ try. REMKVBER, DOING IT Yo MA BELL IS 
BETTs#R THAN DOING IT Tu YUUR GIRE FRIEND! 
sincerly Yours, 
Commander end chief of 
the enti MA BELL forces 
of New England 
BY THE BALLS 
by 
Nickolai Testicle 
When was the last time you used the pay telephone at MacDonald's? 
Well, MacDonald's doesn't have pay stations for its customers. 
At least they don't here and our suggestion to them, placed 
through a member of their staff who presented it to the "brass" 
brought the word that "headquarters doesn't allow us to install 
public telephones on the premises or in the area". It seems there 
was a reported hassle of some sort somewhere and those MacDonald's 
that had public telephones had them removed. 
In our area a public phone at the burger joint would not only 
be a great convenience to me but would also permit me to spend 
more money with Ronald MacDonald. As it stands now I must leav= 
and go to another shopping center if I want to make a phone call. 
The other center has a Burger King,...but I prefer the Big Breakfast 
at MacDonald's. 
Does MacDonald's have a public telephone where you ave? If not, 
lets bombard their local stores, local district headquart 
and corporate headquarters (if we can find its address) with 
complaints and suggestions that they install at least one pay 
phone somewhere near the joint. After all, if I find some nice 
worms in my hamburger I might want to call a friend to see if 
the fish are biting! 
LD calls placed from a third phone and charged to your phone 
back home, by dialing § before the called number, are billed 
ac operator-assisted calls and cost you just as much as if 
you merely dialed # and let the operator do the dialing for 
you. Of course your dialing the complete number 
saves a lot 
of work for Ma Bell's people and a lot of time that could 
be better spent making her even richer, Since the call costs 
the same cither vay, and tales about as much time to complete, 
why don't we start having the operator do the dialing for us? 
Maybe if cnoush of us across the 
Ma will chan 
r policy and give us credit for DDD when 
such calls are 
handled. 
the current practice is discriminato: 
Decause 1t is impossible to DDD from a pay station (isn't 4 
sreat US of A practice this 
Silly Putty. Not all brands work equally well in "picking 
up! images. I bought some old stock and it wouldn't work 
at all. 
"It wasn't silly, it was merely foolish!" I took it 
back and got a refund. ‘those who might try a previous suggestion 
about picking up typewritten info, etc., with Silly Putty keep 
in mind that if it won't work you should get your money back... 
unless, of course you just like to play with the stuff, 
Nickolai Testicle 
PS One or two have requested copies of Don the Ripper's stuff 
and due to malfunction of the copy machine at the PO I have 
deen unable’ to comply, Have eye on an offset machine and maybe 
by time this appears 
(if) I will be set up, 
Might 
even reproduce 
in quantity and sell for cost of materials and let the crooked 
bastard sue me if 
he has the nuts! 
Ever beer. in a library, office, or other place, see something 
you'd like a copy of, such as a signature, sone figures, a formula, 
schematic, phone number, etc? Sure wish you had a miniature copying 
machine, didn't you? 
‘Silly Putty" to the rescue! 
Yep, that child's play gunk is ideal to lift a perfect repro 
of almost anything that is printed....even picks up the colors! 
Sure, the impression is bassacwards but who cares! If you're not 
good at reading backwards just hold it up to a mirror. 
Smatterafact, sometimes you can use the Silly Putty to re-stamp 
the image onto another plain piece of paper. But I don't take chances 
with messing up my original. I read it, copy it off, or if the need 
arises, duplicate it on a zerox-type machine. 
To destroy the "evidence" after you've read the lifted impression, 
just wad the stuff up again and its gone! If you didn't already 
know, “Silly Putty” can be used over and over again. 
Nickolai Testicle
LEGAL STONES 4 
Laughing Gas 
by Gz Y. bardias 
The laughing gat high ie si:dler to that 
but much core vell Anown. Lavghire ges, or ri 
is alse rack 
Pleesureable to take, rot ki 
terrible sell cf cther or the rick of fire. 
kewever, herder to obtain arc vore ex: 
There is also little lege! rick. 
Here are e rw.ter of ways of obteininy "nitroue." 
it is used se a propellant fer whipping cree... whet yor 
refrizer- 
cenn ci 
that the 
of ether). 
rou oxide, 
ing the 
tis, 
ve if bought. 
can do is pay a visit ta your leca? su; 
etor section ene stand around taxing 
vhippicg ereex (check 
prorellert 
freon ené 
the Jebel, thoug! 
a nitrous oxide ara 
rouse, both of vhick skoule te ex 
w nay have problexs trying to ex 
re coirg to en irate store > 
WAT 
F rose full 
whieh o 
whipped crenu. You can vet a hit er two per 
rtunstely only larte for a :inute 
er two. 
. blue 
tenis fra: en inaustrial cumplier. The core ic over 200, 
hell of which te a refunéanle cezorit or, 
exact procedure cer be f 
tal 
stry text. ‘ollow 
aré be sure rot to heet the ritr 
should be le? throwk the jurtficr ant 
iagrened below 
i 
icpurities. Collect the rue in cone cort of teller. or buy,. 
If you are conpletely irnorant 
chenintry und Lee 
equiment, get eoneone who do 
he 
The equipcent ts rot Lara or exzensive te 
y snocable fro: your x0 
urther infor.otion 
availeble in “Leuphine Sa 
Venceremon! 
bb 
bine ink and 
the Beil System logo, resemble company 
sire pt 
"That certainly doesa‘trefiect the philosophy ofthe telepbone company fp any wa, ‘says PNB 
publicity representative Chuck 
I, who 
that the: 
cares. “You bet we care. We 
(gperats franchise Inthe public iperin. People can't ext eens 
anyone else. You bet we care. 
fete: 
to find out who's printing them so that we can teil them that’s a viotation of the Law." 
‘One of 
‘stores that bas been sel 
‘the bumper stickers refuses to teil Bell security 
representatives who the printer Is. It 
‘though, that its best customers have been Bell 
ne 
who brough the’ 
‘stickers in,” says Barbara 
Seely, a 
member 
of the. 
ccdoe tat opens te Sate sae, et we wh Cyd ing ome cre 
‘suspicion 
‘end gross, negligence. Misa X speaking.” 
BOOK REVIEW: THE PAPER TRIP I & THE PAPER TRIP II 
Eden press has published two new books on how 
to obtain and use ID and alternate identities: ‘the 
Paper Trip I & II. Although both books cover the 
basic paper tripping techniques, they are, in fact, 
two completely different books. 
The Paper Trip I (82 pps. $12.95) is the totally 
new format of Barry Reid's classic book “The Paper 
Trip." The new book is more detailed, enlarged, and 
updated, presenting the most current and effective 
methods. This book covers some information that is 
not found in its follow-up book, The Paper Trip II, 
and it covers some of the same information in dif- 
ferent detail. Specifically, among some of its 
unique topics are: fingerprints, education docu- 
ments, voice stress analysis, and future trends in 
ID. Even veteran paper trippers -- including those 
who have read other Paper Trip books -- will find 
the Paper Trip I full of valuable facts; moreover, 
it is well written, witty, and it is enjoyable to 
read. 
The Paper Trip II (160 pps. $14.95) is the new 
title for its predecessor, The New Paper Trip. The 
format and material are basically the same as that 
of The New Paper Trip, with some revision in the 
introduction, seal section, and in paste-make-up 
technique. However, for those readers who have not 
yet seen this book -- it is really dynamic. Be- 
Sides the basic paper tripping techniques are 
special features such as legal name: change, the 
Soundex system, and where to write for birth and 
death certificates. Also, there is a COMPLETE 
listing of military SPN codes, Social Security 
Codes, and a State by State description of driver's 
licenses (including codes) and whether or not a 
State ID card is issued. 
I so frequently use and 
refer to this book that it has become a basic ref- 
erence book in my library. 
There is a quote by Lao-Tse in The Paper Trip I 
that I particularly enjoyed: "The journey of a 
thousand miles begins with a single step.” The 
Paper Trip I & II are great ways to start that 
single step on the paper trail and to stay on the 
true path. Eden Press, P.O. Box 8410, Fountain 
Valley, CA, 92708, also publishes other books. 
Send for their catalogue of amazing books, too. 
AGENT MDA 
LETTERS FROM READERS 
Here's a tip for those TAP readers who are 
into ripping off vending machines protected 
with ACE tubular locks: 
The tools for the job are : 
1) 
a screwdriver 
2) 
a sheet-metal screw 
3) 
a claw hammer 
First, place the screw in the slot of the 
lock. Next, tighten it with the screwdriver. 
then,place the claw hammer under the head of 
the screw,and give it one or two good yanks. 
Voila! The lock falls out in your hands. 
Charles,the Litchfield Larcenist