Ov come aaa
(REPORT THE PERVERT WHO GIVES YOUTHIS, Kips! )
—_—— .yo ee yy)uayj roe)% ¥ eeas ry< oe
CREAD THI 37)‘he Boston Peoples Yellow Pages is41 and well worth it. Writetto demat 351 Broadway, Cambridge,Ma.02139. Or write to People YellowPages at Emmaus House, 241 E. 116St.,NY,NY 10029. It's free but theyneed contributions to stay aliveso help them out ,OK?While you're doing that, you'llwant to have a PYP in your own com-munity if you don't already. Writeto the above about forming one, orjust do it, or if one is forming,help. But make sure to publiciseYIPL and some of our articles init, and write us if you need pub-licity or our back issues.There are so many radio stations,and papers in your community thatneed feature articles on things |Tike YIPL that it isn't funny. Goto these places and tell themyou'll prepare a show on phonepolitics and technology. If youreceive this, you are hereby autho-rized to represent YIPL in yourcommunity and should start doingO immediately. Its absolutely- legal, but that shouldn't stop you.
\START YOUR OWN LocAL CHAPTER OF YIP!
J NUMBER 1/0| ) MAY 1972.LS TIBE SuRE TOWRITE To.Vocations for Social ChangeBox 13,Canyon,Ca. 94516| andNew England Free Press791 Tremont St.,Boston,Ma. 02118Ask them for free bibliography.Write to them today before you forget.v4 \. veF oyy &.x 3 £48 2.3é w a > : U oS 9 ¥ O w=gs ¢ .* Zo 2 Q I = mM 2eVawx F- Gr SO O~y 9a & ~ ag Pwee ee ee ora¢eet a qx Ww 4>PEP LETTERS pOo 3? = & z2bubeBSFTnH XS w Pt FEoreP$ Sz 9 awit 5fs FatFSLureSreerz nwuwrvseny3,ruvreéelyn Sa sve’ auGWoo, u&Wx TH YZSEesSwOF* F CX| o sg 2’ o5 a e238ar tS5e ee e2z42 oss© > & » Dd so,2KYUS 2 2 z‘we 3 s ob » oS J t© U < wv 7; A x -g@ @&ca y Os u% _@?7=>ya vu)? > a. ~~a2%y45% yz 3 3~ Oo ad£ 9 UW > ~ & S x w z| boeswdd kb -FunayanH z2 oases 2+,~ Vv wv % “ : 2c y 5 Oo22é6& $ > 4 <= w ~ uw-~VUv ® E 3 oe ez » ©

Dear YIPL,Here's a toll free loop around noo. inMiami. 821 900S or 821 9006(cften busy).You can get free local service dy cal-ling the operator and saying "OperatorI just lost my dime in the fuckingphone’ and she'll either give a freecall or she'll send you a dime in themail. By the way, always call the aper-ator after a pay phone call and ask herto refund the 45¢ you lost before youfound out the phone was busted(the oneacross the street) or when at home,after you made a cheap call,call theoperator and say you didn't get throughbut got a recording instead and yau wantcredit for the call. Many Bell officesaccept collect calls, as do some pigcorporations.Sunday I tried to call London and theoverseas opérator got suspicious andput a recorder uo the line so I hung upthe phone and ran across the street anda pig car came within 30 seconds. Whew:I didn't know you could get a pig thacfast even if you called for one. Telleveryone about being careful with over=seas operatcre! Keep on dialing.M.F.Somewhare ,U.S.A.Dear YIPL,T have located a supplier for No. 14brass washers and some info concerningthem. Most hardware stores will notcarry them for brass is too expensive.If you get them at a store don't ask forNo. 14 or they might not jmow what you'retalking about. Ask for 11/16 outsidediameter,with 1/4 inch inside diameter.Your best ,cheapest supplier will be anindustrial mill supply house. Look ‘emup in the yellow pages under a2ill supplyor electrical supply. Ask for #14 LBrass flat washers. Pay caah,convincethea to sell to you wholesale, and don'tgign any sales slips: Love and Struggle,C.R. ,LoulsvilleXyFor SALE- We are selling T-shirte sten-RED y+ WAI SHere's a littie trick I picked up& I'm letting you know in casethere is a need to stop trafficin L.A. The signal doxes On Cor:ners of streets that control 4regulate the lights can be openedby a sharp blow with ones fist onche side of the box even levelwith the keyhole. Now the doorwill swing open and one can con-trol or stop or freeze the signa?Can be useful if you're in @ hurry.
éclled with a big red fist to raise moneyfor our local high school underground inLoulsville. Send $1.50 to:T-shirt Deal,c/o Charlie Rosenberg ,3718 Rouge Way,Louisville,Ky. 40418 Thanks a lot folks.Dear YIP Line people,We urg@ you to organize with us a mas-sive celephone campaign in your homecomunity aimed at reaching as manyhouseholds and businesses as possible.We suggest using the following method toonce again make the war a public issue.Our major method will be a phone callingCampaign congisting simply of the follow~ing: "Hello,I called to ask you to thinkabout whether Nixon lied about ending thewar. Thank you.” We believe that puttingthe message in the form of a non-rhet-orical questiog ia. both more thought pra-voking and less alienating. This canpaignwill include newpaper ads and media invol-vement carrying the simple message;ThatNixon lied about ending the war. Pleasejoin us. "The Nixon Lied Campaign" 424Borth Aurora St. ,Ithaca,N.Y. 14850Dear Friends,It has come to my attemtion that Bell Telhas developed a device similar to the Tele-COwmand except that it does not have to beinecalled in your phone. It can be connectedto the main box in the basement of an spart~ment building or on a telephone pole for ahouse job. To defeat this infernal devica,you can use a $.P.S.T. switch to turn offthe speaker and mouthpiece yet allow callsto come through. From the phone handset,the red and the white wire both go to the@mme terminal on the phone block. Make theabeth go thru a switch when you want to besure the Telecommand isn't being used.~The Old Wazoo
SwiTCH :OTHER PIG LINES TO TIE UP DAILY:Avis(ITT)}-800 621 8430 (Area 312)Sheraton Hotels-800 -325 3§35TWA- 800 621 6640 (Area 312)Holiday Inn-800 62} 5511 (Area 312)
PHOKEBLOCKpana LSiste #xcwe)
ie ia
For other areas,cail 800 555 1212 forWatts Information. Remember, it's alFREE:

A load of people have been writing us that our Super-Duper Proyect isdefunct when they try to make it work. They also have heen saying thatthe circuit on page 78 of Steal This Book is hetter or its worse or whatthe hell is it etc. Let's clear up the mystery.The aforementioned circuit in Steal can he used to receive free incom-ing calls. However, we have tried both and prefer ours for the followingreasons:1-The huge capacitor is hard to fit inside a phone. A large number ofMFD.'5 18 necesSary in that Circuit, and since 90 volts comes down yourline each ring, 200 working volts is needed to prevent destruction of theCapacitor. 100 MFD. at 200 volts is a big fucker. The large number ofMfd.'s is used to essentially “pick-up" your phone for an instant, asmust be done manually in our unit. This pickup stops the ringing but isnot long enough to start the billing. That's the whole secret to Bell'‘sbilling equiptment. Their newest system is foolproof but hardly in useanywhere. You know if your area has the unbeatable system if your dialtone comes on immediately upon lifting switchook, rather that 1/2 secondlater, but most areas have the delay.If you have tried a unit and it disconnects your call a few secondsafter you answer on "Free'’, try to make the operation of answering asfast as possible. That is, pick up the phone on normal and as fast as youcan switch to "Free". If you don't give it at least 1/10 second it willprobably continue to ring, so try giving it a little more, and so on. Bypicking up on "Normal" and waiting more than 1/2 second or so and thenSwitching to Free” you essentially pick up and then hang up, so you getdisconnected in a few seconds.2- The large capacitor in the Steal circuit can cause sparks, hence the10 ohm resistor across the switch. You might get a shock.3-When you pick up on ''Free"’ in the Steal circuit it automaticallyanswers it, immediately. In our circuit picking up on "Free" will allow youto hear the caller, who may have been told in advance to be talking whileit rings so you can hear him and know to answer Free, by then hanging up,flipping switth to normal and then-Lift and Flip as usual. This can avoidembarrasing moments when a friend calls with an operator on the line whomight get suspicious. Try to only answer with "Free" method when you knowwho's calling, but if you can't then prearrange with friends to talk or singinto phone during first few rings to tip you off. .That’s why we published ours. By the way, both lines will let you listento your line without "picking up” your phone. Just flip to "free" and listento your empty line. Hear repairmen and repairwomen placing taps and talkingto each other while they do it. Flip to "Normal" and hear the dial tone comeon, ag the phone equiptment thinks you've just picked up. [t's fun!The capacitor can alert the phone co. if its too big, too. No biggerthan 1 Mfd.,please, and be sure the unit has no + or - on it; most don't.See Issue 11 for a simpl ion of .The Computer Says No ora simple version of the Super-Duper ProjecSAN FRANCISCO (AP)—A computer programmed tosay “wo” in a feminine voice hes been entisted by thetelephone company te stop fradulent credit card calls.The computer. in a secret location in California. hasprevenied rompletion of some $9,808 bogies credit cardcalla since jt began tipping off operators in January, say~Ben ial, ganistant vice president fx operations at Paeitic“Tf phone Ce.When o credit card call ln pineed. the epernter kerepuaches the card nuarber Inte the computer circuit. Ifthe muntber cherks out, the opermior heare a recordedfemale voire say: “Okay.”Tf the number is a phony, the velce says: “No” repects th “xmbee and says “Ne” agnia.
. . oe Wath 8 4 :ADEN oa! - & WD be 5.oon ENerinfrebeyoo ") -.
2L41 ‘Wl HOUVNN “AWOINd “L500 WHOL AIN
When writing to YIPL, always place stamp 141/2 inches lower than normal onenvelope. Most of our mail comes this way and saves us a lot in postage.

BACK ISSULS |Back issues are 50¢ cach, and the following are available.Rlue Box information and story plus tuning hints.Credit curd calls and how not to get caught.Pay Phone Tssuce, }Super-Duper Project(Free incoming calls).To those working on other circuits for public use, we urge you to send themin to.us for publication when fully tested. We will be publishing otherinteresting ideas for projects from time to time. Thanks to all those whowrite letters and circuits. Even if they're not used, we test those we canand condense the information to pass it along to you readers.We still necd information slugs and machinss and which ones do and don'twork and how to make them work. Do some experimenting around and let usnow.YIPL does not publish these incredibly great and useful pieces of infoin order to see them put to use. We publish simply so that people can sitback and stare at interesting electronic circuits,which have been known tohave a soothing effect upon baby rats and presumably humans, too.COMMUNITAS- A new community journal for those interested in coming togetherwith others while retaining a degree of activity with the rest of the world.You can get 2. sample copy free, so it can't be too bad. Subscription-$6 for6 issues .Communitas,121 W. Center College St.,Yellow Springs,Ohio 45387Published for informational purposes only by the Youth International Party Line.Dear Customer:Texaco is Working to Keep Your Trust.As part of our Travel Card Service,we tried to call you recently toNab Students ; thank you personally for buying Tex-‘ og ye | aco. You are a valued customer, and 2WhileBuilding we are anxious to acquaint you withall of the many services offeredPhone System Su@Sceige through our Texaco Travel Card SalesProgram, Since we could not reach: t anTwo MIT students, whom Ow: you, we invite you to call us at thePec aed ee ent 2 (ir - Toll Free number-800-392-4963 fromwere arrested yesterday be- 7:30-4:15 P.M. Central Standard Timeshah Fe ao You Mon-Fri. We look forward to hearingBeacon st. Back Bay, an iT from you, and Thanks Again for buyingMIT «larmitory. and Kevin ?. JKoch, 19. of Anes sé. Cam. | Texacohridve, had their cases con-tinued to May 3 by Roahbury FRQ”:Mohenne Judge Flwood y1PL , ROOM 5 OF, 1S2 W, 42 S7. N.Y, NY. 1/0036
i ee
Sgt. Matthew Loughlin andPatrolmen Albert Bozzi andRobert Vasselian frum amanhole cover om af placeIn front of the Beacon st.dorm.They scized one of = theyoulls outside the niuimhole oe. be,and the other inside where O ; STthey said . miniature switch / "@. Seboard had been set up.The vouths were chargedwilh injuring lines of the Bos-ton Edison Co. A conmntnica-tions hookup with a-dormi-tory across the street was inprogress, pulice sail.
c