Issuc*'7 gameDe 7 Jan. aeCIRCULATION 50CWeal,ading Youk1472 CREDIT CARO CODEWe don't have it yet. But as soon as onereader breaks the code and lets us know,you'll all know, So get friendly with anoperator, apply for a credit card, orcheck your local underground paper. Whenyou've got it, send it in. You are thesource of our information.
\\
The Source catalog, coming out in issuesStarting now, is for people who need aradical yellow pages. Source is primarilyyour aid to obtaining information, andit lists periodicais, documents, and evenOrganizations like YIPL. If you're anYrganizer, you need Source.Our demented readers have been delugingus with requests for suppliers of #14brass washers, We want to know wherethese items can be mail-ordered from,SO we can publish an expose' of sucha dastardly corporation that would sellSlugs good in pay phones, drink andfood machines, laundromats and parkingmeters. So if any of you people runacross such a scummy outfit, be sureto alert YIPL as to the adress ,and theprice of the washers.We have recently been advised that aseemingly outasight deal is a gyp. TheBook Clubs, who advertise in the NewYork Times every Sunday(Book ReviewSection) don't tell their customers thatthe books come with untrimmed pages thatlook like shit. For this unspeakablecrime, we urge YIPL readers to order thefour free books(or 4for a buck) and torefuse to pay if they come with untrimmedpages. Only order from companies that donot require a Signature..Also, continue_crdering for weeks afterwards for all. ur friends ‘if they refuse to remedy thisdespicable situation. And if you canbelieve it, The Book of the Month Clubsays''These books are identicdl to thepublishers editions, ...in quality."WHat a fucking lie,
Yipl readers! We are being attacked!The U.S. Government is underminingour correspondence, and stealing yourmoney. This is happening all the waydown the line to the postmen who lookthrough your mail before they decideto deliver it to you or not. Don'tmail letters to YIPL with your localmailman. Drop them in a mailbox.Onlysend checks to YIPL,not cash. Andmost of all, place your stamps 1 1/2inches lower on the envelope. Anddon't forget the zip code. We can'tallow them to have an excuse forconfiscating our mail.As long as this communications gapexists, we have to ask you to help.If your YIPL gets through, Xerox itand distribute it at head shops,atclothing stores, colleges, riots,conventions, to friends,hitchers,schools.This is vital for reachingthe masses whom the Government fears.One reader suggested labels thatstick to phones, subway doors,etc.,that have useful information aboutfreebies.Happy New Year to all our friends,especially the New York Tel. Co.striking workers.1972 will provide fun for manyyippies in San Diego this summer.See you there.YIPPIES: In case you're bored onenight, call Miss Weston (collect)and tell her you would like to joinDiners Club. 212-245-1500.Back issues are 50¢ each.Installing extensions.Blue Bex Story.Telecommand(story)Pay phone issue :Organ plans(1l). Organ plans(11l)
ONUN te WRpb

Y.I.P.L.-This establishment fuck is beautiful,it has worked everytime,for everyone.It will work especially well nowaround Christmas time. Just go intoa large store, pick something off theshelf(packaged) and quickly walk overto the cashier and tell her you wouldlike ta return this item. Since youhave no sales slip(you received thisas a gift and already have one) theSales girl will give you a merchandisecredit and you're free to look around- and choose anything your crooked lit-tle heart desires. Also,if its extracash you want §& need, save sales slipswhen you do shop and after Christmasdo the same thing as above but nowyou have a sales receipt-make sure itsfor the same amount please-so thecashier will give you cash if youcan't find anything you want to ex-change it for. Its really a rush!Remenmber,Always Look,Act and SpeakConfident!Love and peace from K&B,Florida.Dear YIPL,My) name 15 ppresentlyI am being held prisoner by MonroeState Reformatory, hopefully not forvery damn longer,it’s hard tellingbecause I am on appeal,who knows howlong they can take on a appeal thesedays.Severai months ago [ mailed you somestamped envelopes, so that I could getonto your mailing list. Well, low andbehold I received an issue today, andI find it extremely interesting,! re-ceived November's issue #6. I am goingto try to send you a few more stampedenvelopes with this letter, they areabout the only assets I have right nowand I'm pretty broke to tel!The State "gives’ us three ;tampedenvelopes a week, and so you get tosaving them up for trading and such,but it takes au while. So I hope thatthey come to use for you.I was wondering though,if ,t would bepossible to send me any back issues,I sure would appreciate it. I can digfinding out about installing phones,in and around and under different con-ditions.yeontinued in fourth column)
the truth.
Dear Sir:IT have a problem which you might beable to help with. The series otf eventswent like this:1. A friend gave me a phone credit cardnumber and said it was O.K. to use.2. J used it for about 3 months,makingsome person to person calls({the rriendwho gave it to me said to keep thecosts down that way).3.0n Nov. 23, Ohio Bell called my friendsand coaxed them into saying that | wasthe person who called them from thisarea.4. The next day the phone company calledme and explained that the card wasinvalid. They then said that [| shouldpay for the calls. When I declined, theysaid they would forward the matter tothelr securities dept.If you could,please advise me on what todo,since I don't want to pay for allthose calls.D.C. ,Painesville,Ohio-Try this: Contact your’friends andtell them to change their story if thephone company calls them again. Theyshould say that "many people use thisphone operator” and they wish theycould help but they can’t. When thephone company contacts you again, de.the charges. By the way, don't use acredit card no. for more than a month,Or call friends who will buckle undera threat that the phone company willmore than likely not carry through.
*

Yipl-For 25¢ you can get a copy ofThe Daily Block also known as theP ‘lder Denver Colorado Pornography( de & Rape the Earth, with a spec-ial telephone section by HANG UP,AGLOPAL COMMITTEE TO STOP AT&T.Addressis 1921 2lst Street,Boulider, Colorado.90302. It has a nice spirit.Dear Friends:In your pay phone issue you suggestthat a proper way to fuck a pay phoneis to glue the coin slots or the coinbox lack with epoxy glue and to usea syringe. Excellent injectors for thistype of work can be purchased from theBrook Stone Company. 12 for $4.95 plus.90 postage. They look like syringeswith a needle. The order number 1sZ-1135.3 and the address isBrookstone CompanyDept. C9 Brookstone BuildingPetersborough,N.H. 03458A good pair of bolt cutters can be hadfrom Brookstone. It's 14" long, easy tohide under a coat or pants leg. Theycostté » cut armored cable like string.Can any of you send me some #14brass washers or an address where 1can send for some? I can't segm to findfm up here.N.Y. Times Dec. 8,1971Babeonin SewthAfricaTakes Over’ Phene System
floor ang finally ate tbe only}pen «@ Michael Anheuser, tne |(Operasor Who had left for a few|minutes. '“J don't kanw what to putwm omy repo.”Mr. AnhauserIt seems like we're everywhere. Kecpur he good work. C.T-kouwember, gang, epoxy the coin boxesonly.-Ed.
$8.95 plus $1.15. I have a pair and
1 have one little idea, that I remen-her from way back, and so it 1s verypossible that you may already knowit. If you tear about a half inchwide strip from the. telephone book,in a pay booth,and tear it so you havea half by ten inch strip of cardboard,you then take it and slip it downthe quarter slot in the phone, andjust drop a penny down the slot andpuil the cardboard from the phone,but do it very slowly, and you mighttry even jiggling it a bit when youdo it,once you get the hang of it itis easier than shit, and you can calllong distance the same way, when theoperator asks you to put the money in,just drop in your pennys into thenickel slot, wiggle the cardboard inthe quarter slot, and it rings up thebread, it might sound like a bighassle, but it really isn't at all.Well, guess I will close now, thanksagain, I really like issue#6 and thinkthat something of this sort shouldhave come out ages ago,especially whenI was on the streets, J could havedug getting in to it then. Also, ifyou can,will you send me an extra copyof your back issues? You may havesent them to me already, and the pigshere could have intercepted them, butI think if you mail just one issue ata time, that they will come throughOK, at least I will let you know whathappens,thanks again. In love andpeace for all, John DoeAbby Hoffman,Here are a few sure-fire ways to ripoff Maw Bell. On the three slot payphones there is a plastic case on thebottom, underneath the phone. Now whenyou unscrew the center screw it willreveal 4 screws with a wire behindeach. Now you take the bottom rightscrew and unscrew it enough to takethe wire out. Now you take the wireand touch it to the top right wire andpresto-vou vot a dial tone. Call away.4A wavy you cain get money is to unhitcnthe bottom rivht wire and put sometaupe around it se it doesn't touch anyother part. Now the phone doesn't workbut the people don’t know this so theyput money in und nothing. so you comebuck in u week and take the taupe offand put the wire buck under its screw,hang up the phone and you hit the jackpot-money-money-money. (P.S.if it don'twork just push the coin return butthe above will work so you don't havenothing to worry about). M.R., Hadley,Macs.

Tuning Your OreanProbably one of the hardest parts of constructing our toy organ isfinding a tuning method. One proven method is to use an electric /organ. However, many of these are unstable and may have drifted.The Hammond B3 or C3 is a good instrument to use. With the highestdrawbar pulled out only, the following notes, starting with the lowF, closely agree with the frquencies specified.FO 697 Hz,A6 880 Hz. - A better idea is,of course, to usé an accurateC#6 1108 Hz. Signal generator. If the generator is off, youE6 1318 Hz. can calibrate it by using A= 880 Hz. Or, Ma BellF¥6 1479 He herself can help you. A touch tone phone operatesG#6 1661 H very accurately with each row and column havingBe a single frequency. To get 697 Hz, simply pressEK? 2637 Hz. any two buttons on the top row.To tune a Signal generator witha touch-tone phone, connect thegenerator output to the two mic-rophone terminals in the phonehandset, press 1 and 2, and tunegenerator until "beats" stop.Generator is now putting out 697,697Several YIPLs have written us that770 the original oscillator schematichas unnecessary parts for tempera-ture stability. We have found that ~-best results necessitate these parts[9| = 952 because pay phones are often incold parts, and one would not wantto call a friend long distance justto play him an out-of-tune organ, now= Gi | would we?Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc,
a [H|- $77
/
[x] [x] fe] [-]-i209[2] [=| +] fw ]- 1336
For those of you who are interested in obtaining the original informationon boxing, the Bell System Technical Journal, in 1960 or in 1961, put outan article called Multifrequency signaling systems. You might find it jinan engineering library, if Bell doesn't find it first. We would appreciateit if an astute YiPPler would go there armed with a razor blade, and afterliberating the article, send it to us for publication. We will return itto her/him. A subscription to YIPL costs $4/yr. if you got.TAP Room 418, 152 W. 42 St.,N.Y.,N.Y. 100536