Tom Edison:One of the major reasons I am displeased with what TAPhas become is that you have spent nearly 40% of the damnspace bitching and venting your spleen and other organsabout what you don’t like about us, the readers. Wesubscribed because the original version contained inter-esting and useful information, not the ravings of anego-maniac who is pissed at himself because he can'thandle the job, and wants somebody else to do it for him.Knock off the crap, and get back to business, or I shallJAN-FEB 1978 NO. 48cance] also.VWash., D.C.I received the above letter a few days ago and usually when-ever Someone feels strongly enough to take the time to writea poison pen letter to the editor, there are probably manyother readers that feel the same way but are just too damnlazy to voice their opinions or they feel that their complaintletters will never see the editorial page. I could have takenthe easy way out and just thrown away your letter butI feelthat anybody that takes the time to write me deserves a reply.I'm very sorry that you disapproved of all my bitching but itWAS necessary! People are basically lazy. TAP readers arealmost dead! To try and get some of our readers to write anarticle is almost as impossible as trying to get Bell to reducephone rates| I honestly hoped that if I antagonized enoughreaders they would get off their asses and write me, even ifthey began their letter with "Stop bitchin', Edison, here's theinfo you wanted." No such luck, J then tried an "open door"policy where Y decided to tell our readers EXACTLY wherewe Stord financially. I let you all know that we needed newsubscribers fast. AS an immediate result to all of your NCN-action, I was forced to increase subscriplion rates|In another attempt to get some help 1 opened the TAP officefrom 12 noon to 8:90 PM for the months of July & August. Doyou know how many TAP readers came In to help? J won'tembarrass TAP by telling you how many people came in, butyou could count them all on one hand andstill have fingersleftover to finger-fuck your girlfriend while cleaning out your earwax withy urpinky!As for being an ego-maniac, [ plead yguilly! I'd be a hypocriteifl teld you that going from a lowly Subscriber to editor-in-chiefhadn't given me a swell head!As for being pissed al himself because I can't handle the job,you're partially right! IAM pissed thatJ can't do a better jobbut considering the fact that Since I joined TAP we've publishedregularly and the fact that I bave a full time outside job alongwith several other part time jobs, I don't feel that that I’ve fuckedup the job too much, do you?And as for wanting someone else to do the work for me, you'reabsolutely correct! I'd like nothing better than to sit on my fat assjust collecting the money and let Some other sucker do all the work,but unfortunately it's just not happening that way. I wish that someof you who are bitching about the lack of technical info in our morerecent issues could spend just cne day at the TAP officel After 47issues, there is just So much reader supplied info. I admit thatI've had tc scrape the bottom of the barre] sometimes for articles,but at Jeast I've tried, which is more than I can Say for most ofyoul Don't complain to me about the lack of technical infol Yousend it to me and J'll print it!And finally, don't you threaten me about canceling your Sub.Nob xiy put 2 gun.to your head to force you to Subscribe and J canassure you that even without your subscription, TAP will survive]
Pay Bills by PhoneUTOMATIC Telephone Payments (ATP) is anidea whose time has arrived. The service may beoffered by 100 banks throughout the country withinthe next few months. Why do consumers like the jJdea’The overwhelming plus Is thal it's easy ard cenvenieat.Tt saves lots of time. There are no checks to write. noenvelopes te peal or address, no slamps to Jick. You cen paybills without Jeaving your home or elfice. Yow can use theservice almeat any time, day or night- Even when you are oulof town, you can call In your bill payments if you didn't havetima before you seft.ATP cuts down on paperwork. Your record-keeping ismade simpler. And f{ efimina(es the embarrassment of writ.img bad ohecks for regular billsIt's usually far cheaper (han conventional bill-payingmetheds. It can cost as little as a lO cent er Wcent phonecall. Some financial institutions charge no service fee at all.Seme charge 2 Monthly flat lee of $2 to $4. Some charge a10-cent or I5cent fee per transaction.Consumers whe use the service like It so much thal theywish they could use it for all their bilx. But ymoet systemsare set up to handle only the regular, recurring payments,which accougt for @0 to 76 per cent ef your financialebligations.However, the service haa encountered customer resistance ia pome markets. Because jis such a new and innovativeidea, people don't understand what it's all pboul, The unfa-miliar nalurally breeds suspicion.Drawbacks voiced by those who have not used theservice include the fear that they will somehow lose contraover their payment process. Bul payments are made aniy tavendors whom you've sulhorized ahead of time. And pay-ments are nol made unless you make the phone cal] (foeclivate the payment.Some tolks prefer the security of having canceled checksas proof of pavment, ATP systems furnish a monthly stalement Jisting atl transactions The Inlernal Revenve Serviceaccepis the manthly slalement as proof of payment as long ssthe bank backs it up. Howeser. in some lJocalitiles, courlshave not vel ruled whether ATP slatements wil! be sufficientprool of payment in wl) suaiiansSome penple worry thal the system may be too compHcated for them to operale Bul after placing the phene call,you get step-by step instructions from a Jive eperstor errecording.Concern har been expressed that privacy will be lest —that your bank will find out your Dill-peying habits. But ifyou now have a checking atceunt. your bill paying habits arealready known to your bank.Rome persons don't want te mix their transaction fundswith thelr aavings funds. This refers lo ATP service offeredby thrift institutions Im stales thal preditil therm from effer-ing peyment serounts. Bul money in savings mteounts receives interest up te lhe time you authorize payments to bemade — an advantage ever placing your money im 8 reguierchecking account.Giving up “the fleatTM Is anolber reason some peopledent favor ATP. You must have funds in the bank a1 thetimeyou sutherize payment. No chance to race te thebanktemoake a last-minute depesil before (he check clears.Ma Bel) StripsA new patient was quite upset when the doctor's nursefed him to a curtained cubicle and told him to undress.“But I only want the doctor to look at my Ingrown wemail!” he protested.“Our rude ls that everyone undresses,"' curtly answeredthe nurse as she left him.“Dura foat rule,” grumbled the patient as he compiied,“‘making me undress to look at my toe!"“That's nothing,’’ came a Votce from the mext cubicle,"J came in to install another telephone."’(c) Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1978- Do not make checksout to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groupsmay reprint without permission with TAP's address givenwith cll credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work.Warning: We will prosecute copyright violators.IF YOU FIND MISTAKES in this publication,please consider that they are there for apurpose. We publish something for everyoneand some people are always looking for

SETTERS FROM READERSDear Tar,Your new smalior type ia super -- Bore information in less space,I wae particularly surprised to get the article on radar apeed detectorsas I had just been reading an article in Electronics Magazine (copy oncl,)deacribing how good ol* Kustog Signals, Inc. of Chanute, Kangas....(316) 433-2700....nas put a 6800 microprocesgor in their newest radargun. The object is to enhance tne tactic Smokey uses now, where thepistol-aritp radar is left off until its victim is well within range,then raised suamen ly and activated. He hag your picture before yourFuzzbugter hes had Cjime to wake up, let alone your brake foot react,The microecontrolled gun operates with # modulation-controlling programPhich renidosizes the tranamitter’s pulse width and repetition frequency)£% alao keeps the transaiasion duration go low that a detector doesn'thave time to respond. I can't gee any reasonable alectronia oounterneagureto thia gun, particularily since ita firat accesaory will be a ommera torecort your licenaa number, the speed and the date photographically.Enis device will almost certainly obsolete the radar jammer anticiputedin thea September iasue of Car & Driver, which has, bp the wuy, surfadedas one of the most libertarian straight publications I've seen. Checkout this isaua; sure, they're into making money for tha publisher, butyou can read a lot of reality Detween the linea (schematica toa).Of course, all thin technology is really irrelevant) as anyones whoh.@ ever contradicted a cop in Ctraffle court knows, the judge Llislenn tothe cop. A prime example of this ig the primitive Limer used a lot inthea south for speeding buates (Vascar). Any cop who can solve a time-~distance-velocity aquation can cheat on this juat by flipping a switchm little early, yet the devices looks real scientific in court, It'spronibtted in California by V.C. 40802, which specifically precludesconvictions based upon devices which measure the time required for youto traverse ea certain diatance. Related sections define a speed Crap,outlaw the vse of unmarked cara, identify an officer as legally incompetentif he attempts to introduce evidense based upon mw wpeed trap or 19 motin full uniform, etc.The lesson to be learned is that one who drives at a reasonablespeed (over 55) would be well advised to purchase a copy of his or herstate's motor vehicle code. I don't know if they all make this informationavailable (it sure is subversive) but California does, amd is required toby lew. fou sran't golna Co win by denying the violation, so you haveto win by a) naving a good lawyar (expensive and unreliabies in mortcases, not to mantion the difficully of finding one with the motivationto work On wa low-profil case); b) knowing the law better than the copwho testifies;or c) knowing some loophole thal will mike them reticentin prosecuting. In the Bay Area I have found a couple of helpful bitsof knowledge: first, ag g00n as you get a ticket, go to court andplead not guilty, asking for a trial date as late as the judge will allow.You will ve arraigned and must be brought to trial within 45 days. Ingost caves, the court will be wo backlogged that thia will be impossible,Jf that doean't happen, there is still a good chance that the cop won'tshow up because it’s hia day off, or that he will show up and will requesta centinuance. If he doean't, you should: say your lawyer didn’t showsup, or whabever...just try to get the trial date postponed until afterthe 45 days have elapsed. If the cop isn't there (on any dute agreed toby the judge, who Nas presumably consulted the prosecutor) or 1f 45 dayahave elapged since you were arraigned, you may move immediately to havethe case t4ismiared for lack of prosecution, and tne judge Bust comply.Needlege to say, nobody at tne courthouse is going to help you withthis: in fact they will often bullshit you in an attempt to make youfuck up, 30 read tha book. Hemeober, thig courteandelawyer atuff is just@® geme, and nobody involved takes it vary seriously...they just think theydo, Unfortunately, you as the defendant are the only person who nas toteay- Jt seriocualy.

While J's digressing fron the subject of t-lenhone syatewe,perhaps 1 should send out a plea for holp in the aroa of countercempulers,The unfortunate truth ia that most folks who don't trust tne wovernnent,Dig business, & technology, also don't trust computers, But thev're usingcomputers, and the computer myths, to oppress usi the more we understantcomputera and other implements of modern gocletal control, the belterchance we have to subvert them. And aa moat l'AP subdscrivers know, tnebest way to understand something is play with it. Due to the miraclesof madern technology we now hava microprocessora....little chips ofsilicon that can be taught tod@iota of interesting things, Whije 1personally feel that they're being forced on desigznors ami will econtake all the joy out of logic design (unless you happen to desian Joxnic fat@ semiconductor jouse) they do have the power of relatively cheapversatility. They never gat tired of dialing, and tney're capadle wuextremely accurate tibBing. Quite a lucrative market has devaloped aroundputting little syateas into boxes and selling them as computers to bored6ngineéera in suburbia, rut it's not necesrary to mpand §/900 which iswhat they'd like. Tne KIM can be found for §175 uaed, and with @ lotof patience and @ little ingenuity can be made Le synthesize tories,close relay contacts, measure frequancias, learn and repeat controlsequences, and so forth. For tnose with tools, tne coat can be reducedto about $s0 by sl@azing sapplaa fron oanufacturers, copying someoneelse's manual, ripping off amell parts and hand-wiring. {ir ou guyswant an article on eapple-sleazing, send me a few deans and 1°1) findthe time)Because the psople who own personal computers tend to cose from secialetrata where both several nurdred dollars am the requisite educationcome naturally, tneres aren't many revolutionary computerfraaks. There's@ number of publishNera trying to elbow in on the profite, but thelrpolitical leaninre prevent any exchange of sensitive information.So we need a medium through which we can transait information.,..,.,information we desperately nacd, like encoding algorithms for airlinecomputer neatwork data transfer, accesm methods for tne NCIC coppuleid,and go forth. ¢@ have the mudilun (TAP) but wHetk'S THE INFORMALION?Just a few letters from interested folks appearing in TAP wouldprobably eupply the motivation for a lot more of usa lazy fuckers,I’1) be pleasantly surprised (as well as get my ego booxted) to near fromanyone with @# degire to cerrespond in a» legs public manner, but J] thinkeverybody needa a Fire 11% under "eon. wWRATDOAFUCK7Power BusKirstywtpeltedDear TAP,This is a BLACK BOX ALERTII) About a month sr Six weeks ag miy core ju dows,whu has been a {faithful Black Box user for Some tinnw, heard a kueick onde dor tteevening --- it just happened to be three Tele:. security pe ple wh had will, Wet 4computer print-out of every phone cal} that had been made tr his phone sonce March fthis year! ! They bad been alerted by the large nuinber of “unaniwered” oll to hanumber. They asked bim where he gut the device (froma bitch-hiker}, how suchcost 1o build (who knows?), how is Jt made (didn't know), where jo Ut (unre ators ud, ate,They told hizn they kuuw there are lots of Black Boxes all ower the coagniry and Ui hoathe means to detect them. They know there are a larqe number in Ue New York. ren,but right now the number is t:; large for themt.y afler, My cousin pes Une Tee$4U.) aS partial payment for the tolls avuided, and they agreed nel to prosecute. pleaseinclude this aJert in the next TAD issue. ] duntt know what advice lo give cacups for everybody to stop uSing Black Boxes {Ura month or bo. Thatrniyht « onfuse tein 3 litThe Anuwer Miss

PREDOMAT ICS4MEE“iilrFoer Mant os cares Ea74 18 an ararire areteecaics pte, 7°S Easicaliy a YanualFWiolert rwayrey {hal covers newerade veapce-s,arson, #xplasives, dirty triers, and couater-felting. Canon acterstely %1116 at as themCS. OUL Fag e@Ous bOoy CA iwprevised weaponryever.
aeam
MIP i¢ divided ‘cto two secttons. The First1S ty Saxon art corcerss cer#ra) te-it2-youcself styie restiness aad destruction.Typical topics are tear fas, “cnewical delayt,citers , the *Lever stot shetgecr, ardrozt handitne and crai®etioc.” Patertal isclearly yresented <- Saxon’s tery onteca andmeTorcus style. The flars and forrules areSimple kut effective aad so are easilyenacted by ereo the ros? drug-crezed androralily tarkript TAP reater.The second half of r¥J2? is a technical peperOn arson written ty a nerser of the cther side(te: a perker). [t's quive extensive ardcorcentrates co the how te°s of this #rowthindestry. Sieghly recosrended for anyone whohes a bureaiag destre (ugh) to get ever withthe Fonelo,The only way fo which FRB can be “aulted itslm the fact treat a small amount of IrformatiorLs outdated ard thas imaccvrate. For s#zrarrie,awtcoiuw oitrate (an explosive vrentiored) 15 o0longer available in plent cursertes. YVirotireinsecticide. for which Saxeo has a rather roveluse, beS 150 gcne Che way of the three slo:rayfone. It 18, however, coaly a srall amcunt o?juforwation in: PAJB thar it #rrenecus and theenterprising reacer will quickly discover whatwaterial ro ionger applies.The Survivor is a wonathly u2wsletteryutlished by Saroc. I[t°s supeesed te be acontinuation cf PMIB But in *y ofiricr deesnot folriil this role. [t Seems ta teconcersed with Survivirg some sort of vaguecatastrophe [as the aame tapltes). 1 vas severone for imminent ¢isaster aod do not “ied wrostcf the waterlal relevant. <A lot of it dealsWith various aspects of (pest blowout)Frimitive lifestyle such as tlacrsetthing,windrower, survital nutrittan, etc. Ther issore vraterial wrich corrects ard adds Lo 2s?(the Letters column is dest 19a this respect)tut the vyajaority st the waterial in TheSurvivor 1s concerned wlth making 12 past thatCig tuprer. <A lot of thts isforratton isSitply reprints fror olé fertulartes tnat (likeEenley “s} that Saxon 16 Eig on BULL serpr to be ofLittle ealue. If you're teto the “coming crash”Fentality you'd protadly enloy The Sirettor. Cnthe cther ward, 1% vou ares th@ avera,® techkeco>reakTAF reader eho'd retTMer screw Bell thas staik thewild rutabaga it’s of Lirite¢d value. S3ut MIB isagerlLate mote: Saxon 15 now sellisa a new aditionof PPJE that includes scre additicral terts onfireworks for $12.%@. I have rot seer this nevedition Tut am sure $% 15 well worth ("s voneyztelcey as<ec. The Surviror ts $£.2@ cer yearfor a rer-thly sub. Both are available'tiea Forrularies, Box 4°27. Furesca Cali? S&S21.frem:se the nare of this coelurr coves ’ror Ono's saneMiss Shapirc: ard the tefervatic- cairslasned the dirty window panes te the square.”Fie@as@ dbrect ary corteant<, tePiticigst, @t2 14Voformrariyo7 Fain Tata Serrice ¢7s Talk. fo atespecially irtereste¢ La vrowieys erare 464yer@ PF Tl:~22ertala €-rterest tro navtrg ibis tecceTMe 4 ra ~u7"revéiwine serv <2f the tare wntareteirg tathiszes these days.
AlsTThe Elephantand the GnatA veoh per-ypeas peewee geetPal 2 La ihe Laer Caer) Unlq. Scmey them, of 8Ma. etd ino awit lower:eewetspant.At Usesareetae.Lingprose partakeATTseer emer, | Resepeepie WhO wae dewoul eeecire waachrywise tise hows aad dlack Deare—Aaicgrowum Dy aA even xtwecer percrataxge,ph houghe ss tev by CecbparetmtiA actws!guscers. Onewepertan!otfsnest of |hisrah tabGature bo pecanCaliedTaPScreedbeet cewered TAP LaiT], when 1wail baby fewneder wih caty 08 suescridert.ia IvJd erwasmaceraad révtor A!Bet adchcacedte successor Tom Sidesonall Ihoge savorvedgo By peruontTlorpresection),and ever thepam treeyeart,Enon masexpended the stest. bnaging te2 an imfetmational readerstup of avera8.~Althougnwecall TAP aa ‘unbecmationonly’ soutre. me Gq enceurace a ontreaders te wrad 10 amy hot |pe font & Resgadeetor develooment. ‘a mallrr whalaogin THC Aled tecnmetogy“daGed cecues upWHR (6 seudi us out, cme of is awayipvenis away around 4. shares 0 Lareughthe paper. andseen 21 me phreas are of
“1
“We've aow @eceme sa papular we'veremedanoflice af 121 Bromiway. rooma8 U1 open every Wednesday akernmenuntil¥ p.m. Agyone can come m aad rapwilh ut abeedt Ohoae provhews.grt mier:Paai ea. Of [US WED Menes2b whal'sgowgon wi Ibe acene. Andweve rw pet& sperial service caited ‘MEAT’ necam dierever cace ctarr weenthewoom cotven."’ (Subecrnpeensare 5 for1 iemses: $7 Hret-cleee.Masiing achdress:TAP, ree SOt. Hd W. tindSuect,NewYerk. N.Y, 10861.Tbe accve article crigirali: appeared ir. the Sep:ember 23thVOICE in the Scenes colurcn writter,issuesf PHE |
Al tis perst,thereare beeraily huneredawt deans thn TAP spreada Amemg Wabunonibiy readersiag. tiere BCT pat 8Few,oW'ays (eo hook iste ihe wertdunde mnl-lary Audmnaa syaiem and have actress 16ePiam for making sprcml mnpreveddus for pay phones, of «here Le getrheca@Methedsborrurcing tralfe‘.ghtegreesabde nemsimat Wi boul Cor@Laics scaeteed kyr geting tree clestncd+eHow9 owerpegs DU etersmua& reovactiagfheCom pure:Card cresimga mpeacal retued (hat pete @reducted fromIhe neat roach 1 bull.Dormai 2ajStedy err get ceusht m 2npolf caterpriseof thes maqntmde? “Oc:“eens” | Edtsee adimined. ‘But nolofien. We're caremety caret it's mye.mate [@ (rephone us. Aad we ecTeenalt verthos weep tOug get dlateurazing mepliexWe sined every tangle perce of Gaxcurtes)pager Maan. docs ATT hate 1m Re Chwct-led. “¥ou khaow (here'srenth actheng[heycan de. All thew lractung macteasty »neve 2 Complex Jad ewenv HsFptembiator them in gheck ql and perify
oy Howard Smith & Leslie Harlib. This is as good 2 time asany (> publically -hark tre Voice am: especially Srich & Harllbfor giving us a plug now and agaic when we needed ‘t. I've beena Voice suosceriber for 1& years and I go dack to when (t waslo? ari 1° paces. It's now Dy and well wver 199 pases andwnile Some Voice readers feel that ine new large s:ze makesLoe Yoice less intimate, I personally ‘ee! that the increase in5izé has made {tr a wider range -f :opics and writers. Thefascinating inormaticn in Smim's Scenes column aise iswerth the price cf the issue. J owe H:wara Smith a personalvote of inanks because it vas his TAP plug in the September1974 issue of the Voice that enabled me to write to TAP {craeucscript! a whics led evenmally t: my becoming sditcr cf TAP,A cre vear Subscripurn: costs Slo “ryvcu may sus for haifayear for 39, Write t:: Tne Ve.ce, Sucseription Teri, d42Ryan ‘Way, Maricn, Chics 33322. Tell ’em Tom Ealsin sent .a.NEW RATES !!en S$ XO Fle earn,myer ama § to eet as OS Ot a EK“Doucet Tlaske i pa sae ot ow, pe F?,ake Rr SNE Cobbs LOPomel te gc.bee eh eee LS “Seo KR iipy“vat AP on r 7/ i <* ?P- iu“ee nn” #17 fet Sen »= ~ Se Sas Do Sapo fare—_ iuote lt wwe (TOR. Larte. _.-*IF_-~ som » . tt. ‘ More SLT

iy 8:+ Mp iogiy |Bim, turme TEST SET Fj ¢ —s3I2A TR MTS PALO atte CAL | ity fe A 7229Oon) (ite iUNK The sg 5 :eb TENT2 5 Gif OD Sial LHL GE 7 3Avice z i :gE” By ERs :rye ig
iTy SeeaAengPEVERCEBans Ry ay tp
1948] AARC IN(Bayaqecel Sepa)Peceu;eq euro 005 ‘eouepederSuny ruguse
wel sHheenm ON)
‘poae]yOBTMLN
ipeery
syuemeqnbeoy smogWEE OF- 1 PUeET :Aanrsveg seredss0T1UON
“Bugsay SuUQROS }O Ver] drnl8KHbeh = Beyueese Aqaueg ‘ewelyMODEL 312A adThe Berry Electronics Model 312A Trunk Teot Sei lp a porlabie Muttihequency (MF) and Diel Pulee (DP) sender withberilt-in braenk morioring fer teslixrg becoming amd outgoing Interotfice wwoks and brunk equipment, Provision be made forthe lelephone craftsmen te menitor the bunk under tes! via eo built-in loudspeaker or to achally cemmunicele on the trunkbeing tested by using the “TEL SET" Jacks and a slandard telephone headsel. Two Light Emitting Diode (LED) Wont pane!Indicators show the craftsman trunk battery polarity, “NORMAL” polarity (Battery on Ring) Nghts one LED while“REVERSE” polpeity (Gattery on Tip) Mghis the olher LED. Battery reversest supervision ead signsking are quickly aadwnarlguovsty displeyed. Peratel comnected “TRUNK” jacks allow other tea! Instruments to bse connected to lhe winkwader bes! sleng with ihe J127A. This feature is parkcularty usetut in iransmission end noise testing with the 312A beingwted to outputse lhe proper best number for 1 mitiwailt tes! tone or “quel tne" with an exiernal level meter in paralte! toweasure the tone ef rotse fevel. Au isolaicd and bringing “METER” jack is provided on the 312A bor connectinglmsicuments with uobalanced and/or tow bneedance Impuls fo the trunk under leal, Many insirumerts such es specirumanolyrert, wave analyzers, end vecuwm lube volimciers have such Inputs and these are normally difficult ko connect to #balanced treak without a bridging ampitfier, Sin highty stable transistor oaciNalors provide the standard 700, 800, 1100,1300, (500, anc 1700 Hr MAF frequencies for producing all MF codes including KP2, Code 11, and Code 12, thua making
‘queedabe wura pur BYUILE 85)OVBp
“yeaaq pnd iyyur]9 GP IL” SPL“SOUR EyBea TLUEUO 000! OF7H446 1-30
Buona «pee Bensooe Buys | (7ey 6 Busogq mow
“wpunod ¢.°¢"(Bupeseda) 5,08 % 6P.OXNSTMWSwi 904 Apeqpunxosd-dz |O upesp |weuno 8WHA DOA Of % DOA OF
Gn SWURQQE StqEe8T || “| BOURPede| yum,
(aN) Aowenbegriauerquyodss) YZLE /ePOryPULAMM) UHR LM sepeeS (gq) OMG Mid PEF
"(pace myo o¢8) SrEPe—
Y HEAR THE POLICE CHIEF {5 BE CAREFUL. ©the JI7A useful lor tesling CAMA, TSPS, pod International Direc! Distance Dial (KODD) wenks. Normal power for Ihe 312A LAYING OFF MEN. HOOPLE! HE BAX 7 ER! THEbp -48 VOC rom the central effice bailery. With eption 61 Ihe 312A la powered ether by the -45Y cenlral office battery oF SAYS HE CAN CUT DOWN. AO! POLICE MAYHe own interna! battery pack. THAT YOUR BOARDING HOUST. INVESTIGATE[5 ONLY HALF FUEL! THAT STRANGEDear TAP, FE NEIGHBORHOOD 15 CHIPPING CIRCLING YOURELECTRICMETERIN FCR A GIFT FOR TREAMBULANCE DRIVER WHOCARTED OFF SOUR LATESTFLAKE! HAWw-HAWw'Thank you for your inquiry concerning the 312A MF % DP TrunkTest Set. ‘’a are currently supplyinj: a number of Bell Systemand Indepenctent telephone companies with this test set. Theprimary norea of interest and application has been in switchingmaintenance. I have enclosed several data sheets for your con-venience.The 3124 Trunk Test Set is far lass costly than competitiveinstruments, and yet has superior performance and features.The price of the 312A, which operates from both cantral officebattcry supply and its own internal battery puck, is 3450. The asmall size and lisht weight makes the 312A very versatile end — —— GUESSING,easy to use. A rity TERSIf you or anvone else at your company would like more infor-mation rerardingc the 312A Ni & DP Trunk Test Set, please callor writesaD i REY Published for informational purpcses only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.BEELECTRONICSmec.PO BOX 4o7 . .| J) ££ BOX Me Address all mail and checks to:46-006-2x37 Po. 7 eATYTAP,ROOM 418, 152 W.42ST, NY 10036 u'€ pospasePAIDPoenal tes 3an wf. id J.Dessert of Day: 48Pot Luck...Two Kittatinny Regional HighSchool students face Juvenile courtaction because they added loo much“spice” tea brownies in a Bbome eco.morics class, police said.State police In Newton sald yes-terdsy that twe 16 year-old boys in aceoking class in ¢ achool in theSussex Ceunty community of Hamp-ton loeded brownies with muarijuansand passed them out to classmates.The teacher became suspiciouswhen students began wolding downthetreats, petice .
“UOTeqdhwespeepessenesso) syUM) Gup0e| 68)Super [ROW OPE OQ WED HEE SAOgSBR 10 HY sudcipeaiddiy