HOBPMADE FIREWORKS Pt. 1By The Hagician...Of all of pankinds inventions throughout theages, Fireworks mast rate as cne of the sostspectacular and enjoyable. Unfcrtunately, due to agmail percentage of recple who sis-use fireworks(such as by throving thes at fecfle, and usingehem for destruction) we all sust suffer. In 1967the federal government all but outlaved and classc firecrackers over 50 grains of fouder. Thus nopore #-80s, cherry bosbs or block bestereé. On topof this, sany states have outlawed the sale orpocession of fireworke entirely !For those that still have a love forfirevorks, there are gore crticns. The first is tobuy them illegally. #8602 etc. are still readilyavailable on the blacksarket. Ancther way is tohave phriends going cn vacaticns etc. buy thes foryou in states were they are still legal and bringtherm back. (You will not be able tc get m-80s etc.this way). A third peseibility is to beild yourown, and have phun doing it!Yn a divergence frep our ncrsal electronicdiscussions, Y will tell yor in this, and agubseguent article exactly hcw to build some ofyour own homemade firevcrks devices.First lets discuss VERY ispertant safetyprocedures. IF YOU DO WOT BRED ALL CP THESP SAFETYPROCEDURES, YOU MAVE A VERY GOOD CHAICE OF BLOWINGYOUR AHEAD OFF !!1 If you follew thes, risk isminimal, and relatively safe. Weither TAP nor theAnthor car take any responsibility for anyinjuries or dasage resulting frcep the followinginformation.RULES:1. Wear eye goggles to srevent eye injuries.2. Keep chesicals in a cool, dry SAFE fFlace.3. wever smoke or have any flames arcund your workarea.s. hove a fire extiguisher and water close by.5. When mixing chemicals, dc s0 wery gently. Donot grind together6. Mix only very saall guantitiese cf chemicals atany one tine.J. Use only paper casings. NEVER fot sixtures inany etal or glass containers {such as c02cylinders)8. If you have a dud, leave it urtil the next dayand then bary it. do net try to reuse it.9, Several books on firewerks now available frompublishers recommend sixing chlorategz (Such asPotassiump Chlorate) with svlfor for explosivecompound. This can be SUICIDE ! The chlorates canreact spontaneously with sulfur and blew up for noapparent reason. At best the pixture ie extrepelyenstable and will blow op with crly a slight jaror change in temperature ! Sc, WEVER mix sulfurand chlorates.10. Last but not least, USE COMBON SENSE }$Now down to the good stuff. We will first€iscoss paking m-80s. You will peed four basiccomponents. A paper case, end plugs, zafety fuse,and powder. The case can be purchased(recommended) from one cf the distributors listedlater, or can be made by taking a grocery bag,cutting about a 1.5 inch width strip abont 12inches long, coating it with elmers glue, thenwrapping it ap around a wood dowel and allowed toharden.The end plugs are easily made by cuatting anapprox. 1/# inch length of aryroyriate width wooddowel (same size used to role care) The safetyfese is best bought from a dietributor 3/32 inchbeing the standard.The powder is sade as follows:In a aon-metal bowl, grind either potassicachlorate or potassius perchlorate entil it is veryfine with no lumps, then weigh the pcwder. Takesome black aluminum dust and weight it getting aproportion (by weight) of afgrcxr. 7 partspotassius chiorate/ fyrerchlorate to 3 partsalusinus dest.After weighing, very carefully thoroughly pixthe two chemicals together in a ncn-msetal bowlbeiag careful not to griad or crush then.Drill e spall bole in the tcf cf your casing(Rot anywhere near the chesicals) and insertapprox. 3 inches or acre fese #060 that the fusehits the bottos of the casing. Put a little elnersglue arourd the hole to seal the fuse. Coat one ofyour endplugs with elmsers and insert it into oneend of your casing so that it is flneb with theend. Pour powder into the casirg until it is about172 full. YFilling it only 1/2 gives the povwderroom to burn and will explode such lowder than itwould if totally filled.
TAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036FEBRUARY 1982 No. 72Lastly, coat the cther erdrlug with elnersand insert it, making it flush with the ends.Allow completed m-80s tc dry thorcoghly. Afterdrying completely, they are ready to gc. everlight and throw them, because there if a slightpossibility the fuse will "fJagh threugh” of bornto rapidly and cause the M-80 tc blew up in yourhand. Always lay on the qround, light and run!Block busters are made the sane az M-S0g,only with larger tubes. You may want toexperipent with Bixing in sawdust with theexplosive povder as this can increase the loudnessof the explosion. Also, mixing in abcut 1/3 (byweight) maqnesium fpecwder seems tc add to theeffect. Rote: Commercial blackpcwder powderhorns to fast and does nat werk nearly ax well asthe above aixture in emaking 8-808 blockbustersetc.Cherry bombs are made the sape as M-S808, butinstead of paper tubes, you take tuwc little halfcircle paper cones (available from distributors),Fut a hole in top, insert fuse and about 1/2 fillmith powder. The halfs are glued together, thewhole circle is then dipped in elpers and thenrolled in sawdust. The agseably is then alloved tocospletely dry, forming a wery hard cuter shell.The shell can then be Spray fainted thetraditional ced, or black etc. if desiredThe following are the suprliers of chemicals,casings, fuse etc to sake firewcrks:Westech Corr.P.O. Box 593Logan, UT 8483721(Catalcg $2.00)Pioneer Industries14A Hoghey St.Washua, RNR 03061(Catalcg $1.00)Pt. 2 of this article will discoss soreadvanced itess such as whistle reckete, fountainsetc. Have phan, but please be careful and usecommon sense ! Also remesber the illegal nature ofcospleted fireworks in sany etates.Send any comspents, questions, new formulas etc.to:TAP C/O The Sagician1982 Credit Card CodeFor 1982, the Check Digit is keyed to the LAST digitof the billed phone number. The 1982 Credit Card CodeIF LAST DIGIT IS: CHECK DIGIT BS:1 62 41S3 \\ 7 4 24 os <3 95 x 18 s > 37 68 79 NOTA 00 8TAP Credit Card Hints Fact Sheet #1 js stil] available.This How-To fact sheet costs 50¢. CHEAPIIIIIIIIII

Random Ramblings No. 1COS MOSBY; PAUL MONTGOMERYT2 2% S@10 that bY J9B4 Lniescs -ou Mave someHOw lFacu8e OF COMMULOErE,s ‘ou welll Ge UnemFl ovabl a,By L¥B4 Computers wiii Neve eruisferetled WitsVar iOuUs 2Atrects Of 32) 1 souKe. Ba. an Laie early70’: a Blue Box wan a tric CURR CTC Qevice hthMeaeiy GORPeT A. 8 OBCILI aloes, (ows ~O® Brate of tneBart saMvoi ves AlGitars ByNtnesis& oF MF fresuenc 16%,A1aLOG LOne Generacion 15 Palwe. in tris “oiumnand teperate articles [ nove wo familiarize vouWL Var lis COmeyuters, are) meine fumrnriong, TAS1S Mere tu Neip you deive anes IFO Oex*TMerOINGtecrww.i0d)1: at freias, Tee woul” O88 A GOO LiketS Cart your C OmPuter Mac KInGg Friends toa4ubeceripce.before i @xm1atn tne sonaersd of 4 Bell's COSMOSComputer gdyatem, ['a like tO mare a few rangecommenvs (tnuss ine name of trois Colin). PROR- Piteses GOL IA Louth WIth mevia TRE:DLEStBOOe £ SFOOr DRIVERS: Ae Pty ep Lr SA7,@xP lained NOm to Pica, locks with @usrroom anaBAOQ0L PTS. SID LCi wah WOMaANMaAl Imachurate.Ae 2 Froressiona: Pmysicel & ,OmmulLer Ss@curit:Cisgulvante 1 Can Bay tNAL PIP Int mus iproong = andSPoacis 16 aAimoaert imeoaniLle. fo pick thems vouMist Pick Ali tere Piris at ore, To ao tnigas = youmeeaq a €-7 PICK aun>r cr tne equivilent, ThesePr vide tne neat reculis, Tf tree loce is aPELVECO orang NiGan eu-rity cylinders forder it@NLLr@iy,
~ >.” rysA feu veers aco, [ reluctantly omeceatea on my1900) mates OO OUP 2 Comte Broaram LO d}1;Muebers Sehuentiaily, ana = lors for a Commutercarrier. io ran ylin tne mitsyie of tre niant ‘orCeo CONTEACULIVeG Garyt. SSO) NOW en" BUOEC TOUSlater, Ma Beli anonvenisiy ceain cutrcing offo ayPMOne 41 Mant for tne exc three oar. Pinearly>afier {[ rairyveo a 1ithinm rebar « &I trreatened toCell tne iacsl Beil weeurisy office cnerainaCMF ALY@P FROST TFA) as tmat Komny.@ Bij3e77)>they liefl By Fnone aiorne. i've oven a ikAe ,itarit (Q PUN UP Prips ‘am Siafw Fr, trhiwhan...i The s1]1417G “oOmuter centerfor ail of Pacific Teleenone ang Nnevaoa Bell 16in sere if Caitforrnia. WAS 'alxina toan eer ioyee UP where, shy itarneo severalLrst@re@grv ira, LAINGE, NUMOOT 3950) Lee 1s 2@ O:1adthick BOnw CNhainen Gown to tne corgole in tne“mite? room that liste virvuali AL comeuterGial-ues into misc, Beil System aata srocessinacenteta. Ii eny BAF rPeomie SnoyId obtain one, 1eiil 3 esurcnase & COPY Ifo YOU... NEURIDeED tno, OneOVIrina rue erinee@ sriise ote FLOTITIOCG mKrieramsoers!' If you are an important Pergorr vou CanVe wWwee*et your O1121 (6 OF MFInteA witnh g fictitius€enone numer. That way snvury mariiaen can’t c5etYOUr #POre tmamOur, Lets «al -ahi cur %,0.'a@ anaPemeat fictitious Oi1111nG Rumoers.,.Tmiroly: oneof tre rune trey oo if to arint wut 2 GE gter.-eta6or ets airerctorry for asl of POr_nernCarifornia..ssun-Puplisied FR) eS ard ala.Moulan’t you i1k@ one af trose? Lastly: tne Bes]creait cera you Get 14 Only one of aomit fiveotnec forme (nat are erinced at the game tiseyour €.C. «9 Pfinteg. | wonder 4mo ceva alli treowner cories?7”COMOS; COSMOS if a comuter§ ftystem = wricnia o1f WEP IM Many marisa of ine Beil Svatem mtcnRencolies. main-frame operations, Ct Cont al nseveryone'® ®none mreoer: OFF LCe @eULYMONL PURO:canple/epair nummer: Clase of Services OLC, [It i4UB@O tO automate tne fraee In vou [vucal €.0; oyPTINLing 2 116t at the neainninag of e#wacn Jay:teliina them wnat nueoers to dittonmect: anocommect. If vou can accees COSAQS for 4Particular area, you canCaommect/dadiacormecti/st(nange anrvoner’s -nene mymoer:,or wuat access tre afor@e amentionga infa,Cable/rpair Feet are very nanay tnBi re-Careera, ar reorPlie mo tike CQ Blady-Gackmodems 10 computer acial-umps, COSMOS is runmon aUNIX system, Some j(CvPicas a@ccouwots incluuelNWEOZ> PRO2Z+ COSMOS. wLRAOZe orc, The more
DMPO LErIe aC Cts used for Ger vice orger entiryare: BIN, ROOT, COm, COML. COM, etc. “Same navemo Pb-. Nord, wy. 2 ytiners noe s CAAim AL aPasSeworos sucn a6 <WHOF, BSLAC, WETEST, RINGIT,etc (Ae vou Can fer, trie Test BOarad ucesCOtMOS)-welt, I'm out of asrace, My N@ant column will#-F lain tne ise of COSMUS for cevious Unines, andMC lude a Southern California oisi-um Lo srac ticeon, [Ff you Dave questions or comments, sieigewrite me at Tar.
=a — l- a: a ——- — Sl a TR, = a _—- =: =.Back issgues are $.75 wach. [ssue 850 is $1.50. ~]Subacriptions - 10 issues ~ US Bulk Rate $7"US Bulk Envelope Rata $8. {US Pirst Clags in plain sealed envelope 510.Canada & Mexico First Clase $10. jFor@ign Surface $8. - Foreign Air Mail $12.IMPORTANT] Please include your mailing label or al |Xecox Copy Whanever you write to TAP about yoursubacr iprion. jElec ic Courses - 3.75 each. A - DC Baszica,B - Bagica, C - Phone Besics, D ~ Amplifiers. {TAP "Ma BellTM Patch - $1.50.TAP *{Gth Anniversary’ Pen - $.50. \P Caseett@e Ta ~ $4. Heac Capt Crunch. Al Bell,Joe Engressia & Bei Security Chief John Doherty.Send CASH, check, or money order to (!TAP, Boom 603, 147 Weat 42nd Street, New York,
elM.Y, .—_—_— wn aS lel lee elle eelCOS eeleeeINTERNATIONAL LAW: JURISDICTION by De, AtamicBow far does the jurisdiction of the United Statesgo? One would reasonably suppose that {t coversall of the territory and out to sea for two mndredmiles, There are, however, international situ=ations where the question of jurisdiction ia notclear cut.For example, Mr. “A“ pelle 100 pounds of hashishto Mr. *B" (who is an American) at a bar in Kabul,Afgnanisten. Later, Mr. “B* gets arrested in theU.S. with the hashish, and he implicates Mr. "A"as the supplier.The question is, ia Mr. "A" criminally liable forthe aale of the hashish if the sale took placeoutaide of U.S, territory, and in a country wherehashish was legal? The anawer, unfortunetely, isYee, he is liable. The jurisdiction of the 0,5,extends further than one would reasonably expectbecause of its conspiracy laws:From U.S.CA., Title 21 as 963: Ll. Qvert ACT.It was fot necessary to conviction for conspiracyto import narcotics that it be shown chat defen-dant committed an overt act within the U.S., whereother membera of the conspiracy did so. U.S. v.Canta=La Cus, CA Cal. 1971, 443 F2d 413.Ard from Rivard v. 0.S., 5 Cir. 1967, 375 F2q 88217, Cximinal Law (key) 97(3). Man who outside ofa country willfully puts in motion a force to takeeffect in 1t is anewerable at place where evil isdone; acts producing detrimental eftecr within ir,juatify estate in punishing cause of harm as if hebad been praesent at effect, if state should succeedin getting him within its power,If the state wants to prosecute someone for an actdone outside of its jurisdiction, and if that per-#on is located outside of U.S. territory, theState often aucceeds in getting them within itapower by kidnap, especially if extradition is notpoesible. The U.8. kidnaps people from all partsof the world -- both citizens and non—citizensalike. And there are many kidnappings, mostly fornarcotica offenses, Government agents are knownto pay off local police and body guards, wheneverpeactical, to facillitate s smooth kidnapping,Also, Judges aré not concerned how the defendantsgot brought before their benches, and thay are noteyupethetic to complainta of kidnap.

JOHN J. WILLIAMSP.0. Deawer 637, 207) Comcomt Or. Alammgarde, RM 82210606-434-0734LETTERSTOM FOLSONTAPDear Tom,Hiow ere you? | hope (ine.] hape thal you don't Revé 10 90 au of business. Youare af IASpiration 1D me and many hers like miaded folie .fed up with big-shots mpping us off Left and meh.] have been tcading your relurn envelopes and flyers1D a muaber of CONSUMERTRONICS CO, customers whoask abou (he kind of topics you are :mio and | have recon-mended in several imes (and will do so again) in owr Nationalnewsletter, REBEL.\ felt tefl ow: that yow did not carry an ed for us. Canyou do me the small favor of letting me know adow onemonth prior to pudlishing TAP that you are nearing a deadlineand for as to getouradia, At that time, | will gladly do30. However, | do not like to tie up ad money for threemonths Or so and sometimes we forget abou whea yourpublication is reedy to Come owl. We will place an ad withyou [00%of rhe time if you only let me know adout 2 monthIn ativance,You abowld also raise your subscrypiion raie. | amfer more interesied in you guys surviving IRen being cheapunti{ you go oul of business, There is nothing shameful iamaking @ little money. Also, try producing a book - let'ssay. On all the differest colored pAaose boxes articles pomDear TAP:Reowntly the Rolling Stones played at the Collesius herveia Loe Angeles. Of course [ "phone phreaked” my waybackstage (see enclosed rerox of The Pasm...), but to filtthe time betweem bands I brought along 100 copies of TAP have published over the years in some kiad of cohenveto distribute amongst the masses. Taking whatever dona- form. That makes a tot dbeuer sense than seiiing T-Shirtstions £ could gat ($13.40 18 enclosed) Y mat alot of other and ink pens. | am sure thal many cOuntercultural mechasphreaks this way. would give you 00d publicily ard Coverage if you could doIt's = great way to help Puck The Bell System and make new so. You might try to interest a mch liberal to help youacyusintances at the same time. with finemcing the book project.Thank you for your time.r.T.3.5. *Room 105 > 1S Nx,10526 Lower Aguas Poad <£l Monte, CA. 91731 Best Regards,: S—resident, CONSUMERTRONICS CO.“had ve all kmow whet F.T.8.5. stands for, right? If, for &soma ressorn you don't kaow, send a §S.A.5.E. amd I'l} hehappy cto reall ya.
ayaOTeDear Toa}I love you when you get tough! Your GOOFATHER approach wes originaland wel] taken. Maybe TAP needa @ commander instead of an editer~in=charge. Fut me down for two pens and a rencwal.This is a stickdownTag,Mell, + see you’ra starting to join theon ihe Rurres . real world & exercise a seell power olay.re ate ok meecacared the Waverty Dan’t kro about the rest of you'reDeng Sere pestafter “mt Soy sat look bs eubecribers, but it worked with ae’ Heresuméaterunseddeen 4 Witueyand érigp at cunpeet.Defer (Oty (lod. cht Men vend eyey 9 phot the / 2 eweke ¢ar ane of your “"HachtiavealliCeriace Guryet ovaee | the susherioe.efficurtbut the pad Wenn Jos sodcle Reaeaber,...thrwate almaye best pPilwesn!a corerMo muaree ot arcoaes wartcopervedqvar People of TAP, Dear Readers,This is an open letter to all of you, especiallythose who have bean reading TAP for a few years,Recently it seems that TAP has bean publishing anever-increasing amount of information on drugs!!I'm sure that this ia becuase you people are send-ing this shit in, and nor phone info...noOw, I Car-atinly don't odjact to anyone's right to get highand fly, but fuckin’ A, are we loaing sight of whatTAP was originally intended to be?I feel thia way: Thera are enougn fucking news-
Q -rolievue of mine and [ recentiv recieved allof the TRE + ¥IPL> back assuet. They are very nardLO MUL Gown ' Like a B90d book), Eventhouen someafWe material 18 almost a decade old. 1¢ 16 4t211!Very reMerysning. Nany Of Line Past 1t8ves have 10meharsh larwuape directed at suOscribders to get thento contripute in oe way. Trig tactic 6Jvustified. Consider the work, tia@. enmreo,. andmotlivalian 1t toox (and still does) to wmroduce suchmaterial. No matter what we ae Charwed . withinreason! we are BeLLings a barein. [f 1t were’nw forRoty, His Toms, etc.+ we Che Cortumers of thislMvelvadle iuntoreational services would vsust beSucking Our tinawps. Organization is the kew toPower, wd thal is enat TAP does. [ am 8 comruterProgranner & ginger at & @idwestern Univerei Cw."Ht eresent [ an constructing a seall cdemuter thatwill do “everwtnirgs". 1] £811] howe sone = A0rereading to do to find aut what “"evervensne" is. [tshall be called the “OMNI BOX". Comiderines what itwill a 1t will be small. Mere 1:6 a lot of workang debusping tnmet wil] nave to be dong. BePatients ( will have it ov Coristeaess “Gls And when1 GO. 1t wall de wours.Thanks for @existine
papers, magazines, and other periodicals that pub-lish shit on drugs! Why waste valuable TAP space onshit that can be found all over the place? TAP, asfar am I know (correct me, please, if I am wrong...)that publishes PHONE INFO on «a regulari?) basis! 56if you want to read about drugs, buy a drug rag. Ifyou want to write about drugs, send it to your mothers.And if youDON'Twantto read about druge, send ina goddamn phone-related article to TAP! And remember,PTSS HIIAt avery opportunity...in avery conceivable way...oii for every possible Feason.Frank 7.8. Schuster

ClassifiedThe TAP Classified Ad Sheet is published as aservice to our readers. All ads MOST be typed andcamera ready. Ads will appear in the next ad sheetunless they arrive after printing deadline inwhich case they will appear in the following adsheet. The cost per ad per issue is $4. If youwish to preserve your anonymity, TAP Box numbersare available at the cost of 85 per ad per issue.This extra cost is for the postage to mail you thereplies to your ad. Full page ads cost §12 andhalf-page ads cost $6. Payment must accompany allads. Send cash and get a 10 8 discount on all ads.Address all ad requests to : TAP, Room 603, 147West 42nd Street, New York, H.-Y. 036.SCIENCE FOR THE PEOPLEbirnonthlyProgretsive views on science and technology—addressing elitism, sexism, rackm—
BEAT THE GAS PUMPend strike beck oe BIG OL!19 of getting felFREEec ot greatly reduced GAYrae INSURGENT23 photes. 6 linedrawings. A GAY LEFT JOURNAL seen 0163-9007Big, aA « It pages. _Atpubicandacademic brariee shosk!obtainApneg78 cows. . CliaWritteney fermer Hg Of eed erticinsvrs # on ofemotional pubpobite$25.08 each ~ NewMagasine ReviewDEALERS WANTED! “,.. first-hand reseurcemoteris).. .”List $1.00 (refendebte)TECH-GROUPBox 3125Posedene. CA 91108
lmdened in Alternative Prose index:eetectivelyshetrected ts CALL (Current Awereness -Library LitersterdCitenewal -(Orteest send me mokechacispayable tq?the lelest isous.LevenderArchives02 bO‘aoue. Dep 7 P.O. Buz 2i1COPtesee begin USA PA eee,ewbecription with,U.8 PeadsOnly.61.B0’yeer workbwida.
2 sheets5your
i]
AMOUNTENCLOGED UB4S
sees 132 tyll-claepogesleadedwith perseraledtand wild nudephetesaces Nuthorwrida things - many with ativeme &pronemevibestones SOtry conples, peatty givls, gey & bi narleswhewav w meet YOUwoes PLUS mringing articles, stertet, reader commonk, pled:te meet ieringen and MOREFor a capyof tha letect gave melted bet clam, sand$4.00 wn CONTINENTAL SPECTATOR, Beaw 66),Dept. T, New Yad,NY 10804,Plouestety yo.e age.WORLD'S MOST POWERFUL MOKM-MUCLEAR EXPLOSIVEEastly made from relatively available components. Anothereasily made explosive described 1s more powerful thanReport sold for informational purposesdynamite or THT,only. $5 CASH.phones, and other military com-munications equipment.Reply to Box K C/O TAP.isaS 4a,<=
4dwaX“OTasteRe° °vw 8 68 ef. cr. . .
ELECTROWIC SURVEILLANCEPreassembled/Project kits complriewlth all meeded component acces-sorles.Avtosterts. YOK, Ultra-sub-minl-transmitters, Linemens Mandsets,TPG Systems - MUCH MORE!Send $1. 00(refundabdle) for themost Cescinating catalog of ‘Con:fidential Clectronic devices’ ‘aveil-able anywhere.Also now stocking @ complete Vierof HPC professional locksmith pick:
defining3people's science WANTED: a VERY discreet printer. Reply to Box X c/o TAP.$W/year from Science for the People / —O97Main &., Cambridge, MA 027135 WANTED: S8-22 switchboards, fieldSOLAR ENERGY DIGESTP.O. Box 17776San Diego, Colttornia 92117, USAHIGHLIGHTS — NOVEMBER 1981Vol. 17, No. 5Soler One UpdateMaa “Perpetual” Sole E Baen F eund?Schroder's Mountsin Wied FarmFree” Sober Systerns Possible?soho Fite Your Own Patent Applicetion?4, 000 Chinese to BlogesClear Giesewith 27 Yirnes m buch inmwiletien ValveSolar Tax Credit: OverwhaiminglySupportedRecoveringOfShaleGasandOnwith aLaserNewMethodConverts ageto ethenein HowrtStar htsonLargestStoreatabolic Array 80% Corapleted
jiiae ,
YoU CANSURVIVE:WITH BOOKS TM"ROMTECHNOLOGY GROUP!COVERING URBAN, RURAL& RETREAT SURVIVAL, ANDMANY OTHER SUBJECTS ASWELL!!1 Discounts to 60% onsome titles. _DEALERS WANTED |}!List $2 (refundable with order),NAME: sets end other trade tools end booksPlease indicate If imteresteé. TECH-GROUP, Box 3125,CITY STATE-ZIP. TOMT) SYSTEMS 537 Jones St., MOOI6 Paeadena, Calif, 91103 USA. San Francisco CA 94162.
IF YOU BELIEVE THAT THEPED UP WITHTHE 90K COST OF GASOLINECsSaarFo ataeTass ge MORAL MAJORITYYOUFULL UPT? The pittmeteenergy surrtvelpublicctionle Raaityhecal! WahevepenetratedGes tae BeretNesof the fh Etena compontestepry boone 1DOeee moans tod tee rom} 1S@thepumptt ial paren apttandes, woh, ntelligenee or priet hsCoammptetely decerines 2nd15 eye metheda,neptiaetie te ALLRLECTROMCGASAND1. PUuMee AND DISPENGERE | Oneaoe cameh ty paring b SPONGpermenant And you want to know what YOU can do to INSURE YOURtelaeas rowers »few tiapte herd Reet RIGHTS under the First Amendment to the AmericaneenOTSteuente ee Constitution, send a Self-Addressed Stamoed* Envelopecatromeaty ntact poee wal — to FYTBS, Room 105, 10528 Lower Azusa Road, El Monte,SOUCATIONAL FURYOSESOLY. NOTE:We CA., 91731, and in return we'll send you our pamphletGe net cell, wade, bord,lence of give wey pur -matinglate Poy £2 catre ber insured men of entitled .WerSrasns cr tenes suntval peomeetione cont FASS PROPAGANDA IN AMERICA: are you A victim???”with sede | etherwiee81).Censamertrenics ’90. peewer BF, Ad oe. 72 We'll also send you some other information on how to FTBS!!!