Gunn and Bradstreet:Do they Know something thal we doa‘tby BIQC Ageat 003 & TucIn issue U90, we explained how to wse theDunn and Eradstreet system (which 15 now Known asDun“print). A week after the issue was mailed ahellow phreak fownd out that a copy of the issuebad fallen inte the kands of our “friends® at D&B.To say the least, they weren't exactly thrilled ‘ : yabout st. In fact, they did not even believe thatthey had a security problena' Well, that just goesto prove that if you are good (or they areincredibily stupid, whichever the case may be) The Hobbyist’s Newsletter forno one will Kaow that you are there! the Communications RevolutionIn a big effort to defeat hackers, theycalled in an outside service to spruce up their SPRING 1984 No. 91“security.” Fortunately for us, we were able tofind out about the aew systen! This was aol reallya problen, though. First, they had the newdral-ups posted whea you logged on. Secondly, they ,;have a nice little place on Telenet! (Uhere we do Produced by TUC & BIOC Agent 0038most of our “work” -- C 20188). .Recently they have set up a new systen they |like to call DunsNet. They are trying {o pass it VET ORE PHAN WITH HOC Agent 003off as a big savings of time since the hassle ofroa a line shared peblic networkdoes exist ln previous istsof TA, fred Strib isaseals inon Jester (issues wroteOF pen Me eae ke wrote ine gttter con the about some interesting features of UNIX. In thisdial-up, We have not been able to get 2 noaber yet article, 1 will Ropedully expand ow that thene.for this system; once on if allegedly works “ratjust Iske Telened! Two Carriage returns and you Host nee at gsetens through, Commun catiawilt see "DunsNei® followed by the familiar °° roorans called wae Gnce on a UNIX systenembo]. To use the systen like we showed you, Type type Is /usr/litywatp to list the supportootless type’ come salty “to ts mht fives stored in conjunction with the vucp programs.Airlines Guide, type “OAG’. tne nice thing about The two most important files in this area (fron aat systea, though, Is “nen + type hep ry the hackers poini-of-view) are L.sys & L-dialcodes. It1 WU Gives you a variety of options to try. is in these files that the UNIX system stores theSorry D & B Good nes travels fast! nunbers AND passwords to other UNIX systens:The first file (L.sys) contains: 1) the name ofthe renote systen, 2) the time that the first UNIXsystem should cali, 3) the hardwired device thatThis is not a mirage. should be sed for the call Cie) nodes port W),he baud rate e phone &, &. he }ogonDetails in issue *92! information. For exanple, the ‘file might lookike:WP) UNE RAUEP AVAST, YE SCURVY MaBell] MoTu tty?9 308 dc2638 login wucp ssword: itO6u ULO Ss CATOWR-MRT fe tay 6 aexRY CORPORATE SWABSComa xsacumrry-access co | | PREPARE 70 4‘TP BE BORRDEDS AC. Jn the exanple, the system called MaBell can be{ called on Moadays or Teesday. You can probablyNe tlg call any time you want, though. The UNIX systen isoA. to dial it through device tty9? (not important. wt tous). The number is dc2638. Jt will then waitwre for the string ‘login’ and send oucp (theatle~ 4s username), it will then wait for the string== a 397 : :. ls ye sf |” 4 *ssword:" and send sword (it).ns { =| -ca|| s eng ume passer’—~ “ As you may have noticed, the phone ® (dc2638) 15non-standard. This is Because the systerm can useabbreviations 4rom the “L-dialcodes" file. Aoer typicalfilemigntfoo tikesete“TO oan {2 Sw) BO0S21S40 224Se7: mere dc 311555-” | eetge li this case dc2638 ts really 351-555-2638. Also,Pre ge some extenders may be thrown in the file! The “wpa means to wait cor Gialfone.eeCe ea To Vist these file vou wouis {-pe:Le “al Cal susr7litesucee LeysCat /use/]tb/wucp/L-dialcodes (cont.)

In most cases, these files are protected butintelligence ts not a prerequisite for UNIXadvinistrators! Although, this should be noproblen 1f you le aCalias "root"). gon 5 \gasp ) the. Super-userUnfortunately, the vucr assword does not fununder the normal UNIX shell. 1t uses a separateprotocol.Tf you are successfwl in obtaining these files youwill have expanded your directory of UNIX systenspasswords, and) = possibly even S{C’s & UATSextenders’ 1f you master the uecp protocol youCan copy ANY f:'e' Once on other systems, thiscould work tm a Vici 14cohar od, icious cycle L[victous for THEMHacking Westera Union Revisited(Part 11)By TucI’ve had a few questions fron the people whohave read my first article which | co-wrote withBIOC Agent 003 (TAP 490). They were asking whatother things are possible with Easylink (1-800-325-4112). Gell, to save time and space, the bestcomand: on the system is ‘/HELP’. What 1amcing to explain, haeever, are two other serviceshat Westecn baron provides with their. Easyliak.The first of these is for whats known as “ForYour Jafornation® (FYI). This service Jsavailable to present Easylink subscribers for a"noninal’ connect charge. FY] is very informativein what it contains. News that goes over. the UPIwire 15 on-line with several other "neat" options.You are able to get up to the minute informationon current events in the world.You can also accessstocks ski reports, entertainment news,:and muchTo conmect to the service, you mustdial 1-808-325-NERS (1-800-325-8397). Thefamiliar "JD?" pronpt will once again appear. Thelogon format is ia the same format as_ mentionedin part J (Eg =: 81 USRPVIIP TEST.TEST). Onceon, type CATALOG to see what reports areavailable.Did you ever want to send a telex to aCompany you were almost sure had eitherEasylink or a Telex/TUX and didn’t have tuenunber? Or, have you had the telex nunbder oransuerback , but forgot who the heck it was for?Well, now Western Union makes it easy on youwith thier version of Directory Assistance. Tocall, dial = 1-800-325-1461 (300 = baud only).When if answers, if is the same logon format asits associated services. Type DIRECTORY. Then,type NBR NNANANEEN Gf oyou need (a telexnumber. ea 62099999 (Easylink), 7105812236(TUX), or B23419 (Telex 1). To find oul by theanswerback, type : ANS Canswerback). © .To find the aumber and information an acompany wher you knox the compan nane and state,the sequence is: WAN SSC CcCCCce. SS 1sthe two letter state abbreviation and the C’srepresent the company nane.There are two other conmands for the Systen—(besides DIRECTORY). They are FORMAT (a brief &useless help file) and WORLDWIDE FACTS (telexcountry code info, time zones, capitols, etc.).Well, have fun, and if you find anythininteresting, please teil me. Remenber, you beardtt first fron Tuc at TAP.
A LESSON IN PHREAKING AND HACKING MORALITY:By Big Brother1 find it truly discowraging when copeintelligent people seeking infellectuachalleages, must revert {to becosing comoncriminals. The fine arts of hacking and boxing.have al) but died out. Thowgh you newcomers, youwho have appeared on the scene tn the last year ortuo, may nol realize it, we had it much better.People didn’t recognize our potential fordestruction and damage because we never {launtedit, nor did we exercise it.For hacking, if was the intellectual challengewhich drove us to do it. The thrill of bypassingor breaking throvgl soneone’s computer securitywas tremendous. Jt wasn’t a case of getting apassuord fron a friend, logging on, and destroyingan entire database. We broke im for the chailengeof getting in and snooping around WI THOdetection. We loved the potential for destructionthat we gave ourselves, but never esed.Today, after so much publicity, the fun hesturned {o true criminality. Publicity we havereceived 1S abhorr 19g. Fron Warbames tao theheadlined Octobver Raids, to the 414’s, the InnerCircle, Fargo 44, and the recentbreakins--not to mention all the local incidents(hat never made the big newspapers, like Ddreakinsat school compu ters or newspaper computers. TRcredit information services claims hackers usedthe three stolen accounts to aid then in abusingstolen credit cards. The thrill of entering anlooking around has shifted to «criminalpracticality--how can |] make my bank accountfatter--how may J use this stolen credit card toits fullest--how covld | take revenge upon amyenemies,And then there is the world of Phone Pareak ing.The nunber of phreaks has grown frov an elitefeu, perhaps en or twenty, to well over athousand. Siill, there remain only about 10 or 26good, longlasting phreaks. The rest receiveinformation and abuse its uses until — theinformation is no longer valid. Even worse, theyseek publicity! They WANT to be cav t' Manyeven use theit real names on bulletin boardsystens to promote publicity. Meanwhile, the REALphone phreals have been resting in the shadow of{he rest, waiting for phreaking to become 50dangerous aS to become a challenge once again.Once security tightens and only the strong survive(phreak Darwinisin?), phreaking will be restored asa way to “beat the system’ without costing anyoneanything.Hacking may soon be dead, tut may phonephreaking live on:The charge: undefinedCalitomla, 1975The take: Datsun 710 station wagon, &years free supply of groceries, innumerable$5 gift certificatesYwenty-atx etudents, used thelr 1191 nAUniversity’s IBM 370N58 computer aD1o prin{out 1.2 milton 3by 5formswith thet nares and edoressee—enoughpaperto cover twoand a hemfootball feds.LIS «4 They used these forms to enter @ contest heid byq» Cc McDonald's restayrants that offered $40000 In wizes,“4 The entriesmade up overone thirdof the 3.4 mitiioncr tolal entra. Though McDoneid’s protested the beck of> ethics, the students met the contest queiificstions andoO were alowed to haepthe prizes Since they hadpaldforthelk computer time, the echoo! took no action againstthe sludenta for using school Computing resources.Q Burger King awarded33000 to the school to set up «WO TYAS acholership honartag the students.

PASSPORT CUECKSUASNew passports are being issued throughnut theworid with a special laminated page that con betcad by computers. These computers are linked toCrime data banks such a8 INTERPOL. Of ccursethey'ce nothing but a Lenefit to us, since they“speed up tamigration qucues.”when you pass through immigration, this pageis inserted in a scanner. The scanner reads thelast two lines on the page. In about two seconds,the computer geturns e111 sorts ot usetul infor-mation about you (to speed up immigration queucs,I'm sure). In a section of miscellaneous data(which the defendant is not allowed to sce),appear any restrictions you have. Usually, thecomputer returns "NO TRACE*. It can return othecthings, too, followed by the action the immigra-thon otficer should take. ACTIONS Q, A, AA, and Jmean you're ot interest to the police (in the UK),ACTION X means you'll be detained for inquisi-Khoning.Thig page is coated with a dye that willGarken af exposed to oxygen (if the laminationseal is broken). Nitrogen or helium will noteffect it, although it would be necessary to workin a fairly airtight environment, such as a clearPlastic bag for microbe innoculations,The first line contairs a P (meaning the pageis machine-readable), issuinn country, and name,The ‘second line contains an 6-digit passportnumber, a check digit sight after this, issuingccuntry, Gate of birth, a check cigit right afterthis, sex (M/F), expiration date, nationalityfollowed by several spaces (<'s), and aie checkdigit in the last column. The check digits arecalculated as rollows:1. Multiply each digit of a numberdate of birth) Ly a number.fourth, and seventh digits, multiply thedigit by 7. For the second, fifth, andeighth digits, multiply by 3. For thethird, sixth, and ninth, multiply by 1.2. Add the products.3. Divide the sum by 10.4. The remainder is the check digit.
(such asFor the first,
A check digit is also calculated from passportnumber, expiration date, and possibly a naticna}identification number, The fina] check digit isCalculated from al} other check digits.More on this can be found in procecdings ofthe International Civil Aviation Organisation, andin the 5 January 1984 (vol. 101, no. 1391) of NeyScientist. Since I'm not about to spend $42.00 on-&8 new passport unless ] have to, I don't knew that:the American tormat is the very same as this, butgt snould be. ---The New England Archivist--
The ene Ret page eal ots rea heme rcudunsAum The West Germans at erthee pugs ty tr ratatmeslLE) cated Spe hat bee atthernool peor on b1). ameter tu he abd!
Risen from the ashes...
Europe - Wot Half Bad,by Cheshire Catalyst, Managing EditorIn issue 69,I put out the word.I was guing|to Surope,. 1 was speaking tO @ S¢minar on ComputerCrime. A few of the guestins trom the "Pack ofWolves" I found waiting for me (the pressconfecence the seminar oryanizers set up for theCirst day of the seminar) asked things like “Whyare you giving up your secrets to these Corpuratetypes for?”f mentioned that the people who had spenttheic money to be with us were hece to learn hownot to be stupid, but there were enough stupidcompanies out there for the crackers to have funwith, Besides, my newsletter is published for thekids who have fun with the systems they get into.The people attending our seminar should begrateful that the Electronic Graffitti artistsawakened them to the fact that they have a datasecurity problem. Just because IBM sayS yOu mustbe a member of the IHM priesthood to understandcomputers, doesn't mean that the statement i5true. It's only how they want the public to celateto [HM mainframes,The corporate types should realize thac if ateen-aged hacker is getting into their system, anandustrial spy could have been logging inreguilariy for the past 3 years. While 1 may notparticulary care for a TKW or Shitibank havina"Confidential 'nformation” about me, I especiallydon't like the idea of unauthorized peopieSpreading the data around.I got to Frankfurt for the Euro-Purty, and noone showed up. Well, very few showed up. About 20all together. Half of those people werejournalists. I met Wau of the Chaos Computer Cludof Hamburg, who [] first met at Telecom ‘83 lastSeptember. He and his buddies are my hope forEuropean computing. The type of 9-to-5 programmersthat are of the “European Mentality” can’t evenprogram a videotex syStem made up of only menutrees. It takes “Hacker Mentality” to providecreative programs that do inspiring things.In Munich, I spoke before an audience whodidn't know, or care what the security problemswere, they wanted quick answers. I was there torepresent the threat that “hackérs" supposedlyposed. I explained that are no quick answers,because computer security is not just a matter ofhardware, software, locks, and walls. Security isa people problem. when you put jn locks, you watchthe people you qive the keys to (notice an analogyto encription here). If these people FEEL they'rebeing watched, they may get "disgruntled". Neeclesto say, a disgruntled employee is worse thanalmost anvthing else vou could be combating.The beer was good {my favorite is Hacker-Pshocr) and I wisn they'd import one or two of thebeer halls. The heec halls sold bumper stickers,funny hats, and other party things, but I wasappalled at how many women were blithly allowingtheir mates put cow bells around their necks. Thisis probebly some local custom, but I couldn'tunderstand it. 1f those bells had the connotationsI was thinking of, well, none of my girl friendswould have appreciated it had } been crass enoughto bring home a necklace like that.Any of Our corporate subscribers who wouldlike to wake up their management to thle vulner-abilities of computer systems should be made awarethat 1 am available for lectures and consulting.Just drop me a line at the TAP maildrop, or viaMCI Mail (Username: TAP), or telex number 650-119-3732.

BELL PIE(To the tune of: “Anerica Pie’)Long, Tong, time ago,} can stilt renember,Uhen the local calls were “free.”And I knew of 1 paid my mattAnd never wished then any 11That the phone conpany would fet me be...But Uncle San said he Krew beiter,Split “em wp, for all and ever!Ve’ll foster competi tion:1t’s good captialisn!J} can’t remember if | cried, aWhen my gpone bill first tripled tn size,But sonething touched me deep inside,The day... Bell System... died.And we were SINGING.Bye, bye, Ma Bell, why did you die?Ve get static frm Sprint and echo fro HU],"Our local calls have ws in hock'" We all cry.Ma Bell why did you have to die?Is your office step by step, |Or have you gotten sane Crossbar yet?Everyone wsed to ask... |Oh, 1s TSPS coming soon? _-108D will be a boon!And, 1] hope to get a touch-tone fone, real soon...The color phones are really neat,And direct dialing can’t be beat,My area cade is “ims:”The prestige uay to go!Oh, they just raised phone booths to a dine!Well, ] suppose it’s about tine.] renmenber bow the payphones chined,The day... Bell System... died.ARG we were SINgiaAg...Bye, bye, Ma Bell, why did you die?We get static fron Sprint and echo fron MCI,"Gur local calls have us in hock!” We all cry.Oh, Ma Bell, why did you have to die?Ha Rell why did you have to die?Back when we were all at one rate,Phone installs didn’t cause debate,About who’d put which wire where...Installers cane right out to you,No "phone stores® with ballyhoo,And 4]] was free--seemed very fair!Bui FCC wanted 14 seens,To let others skin long-distance creaas;No matter ‘bout the locals,They‘re mostly all just yokels!And so one day i{ cane {0 pass, -That the great Bell Systen did colla’se,In rubble now, we all do mass, © ;The day... Bell System... died,So bye, bye, Ma Bell, why did you die?We get static frow Sprint and echo from HCI,"Bur local calls have os in hock'’ We all cry.Oh Na Bell why did you-have (o die? ~ aHa Beli why did you have to die? 4I drove an out to Murray Hill,To see Beli Labs, some time to kill, ©But the “sign there sarc the labs were. gone.} went back te ay old CC,Where I'd had my phone lines, years agO,Hut it was engty, davh, and ever oO mre err...
No relays pulsed,No data crooned, .No MF fones did play their tunes,There wasn’t a word spoken,All carrier paths were broken...And so that’s how it all occured,Microwave horns just nests for birds,Everything bacame so absurd,The day... Bell System... died.So bye, bye, Ma Bell, uhy did you die,We get static from Sprend and ecto irum NCI,"Qur local calls have os in hock'*® We all cry.Oh Ma Bell why did you have {o die?hy did you have to die?
TAPTECHNOLOGICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMRoom 682, 147 West 42 St, New York City, 10836Back [ssues are $1 each. Issue #50 is £1.58.Subscriptions - 18 rssues per year — £10.For@ign Air Mail —- $13 in Meney Order drawn on aUS Bank. Sample —- 2 International Reply CouponsCorperate Sybscriptieong $390 in US, 8335 OutsideThe Underground Newsletter forthe Communications Revolution.PUBL ISHED FOR INFORMATIONALPURPOSES ONLY SINCE 1971©1994 TapTAPSpring 1984 ~ a9]Managing Editor... cue e eee seeeees Cheshire CatalystAssociate Editor oevane oeaveaeatCaaugeuna pecevecavacesalUCAssociate Edstor.ccscccscccccceccees BIOC Agent 003Printing...... Lenore eneeereneees secceaes Nr. Holaes
aor - ee esPX Or TIee 4. er ery *“ON or | ReeedON ooleece)-/ DATABANK Staop CC _-Conke to Mr. jioimes cf Bakereet far printing ftyi= fF SBSuUE