YAPL 
We've got something rather special 
this month(or months) and you can 
find it inside. This article has, 
to our knowledge, never been publi- 
shed with details for use. It is 
so good, that it is not worth our 
getting hassled for printing it if 
you readers don't support our ac- 
tion by reprinting it and giving 
it out. Here's how to do this and 
make it effective; Mail it to peo- 
ple and places far away from you 
as well as in your own community. 
Have a stock of Xeroxed copies so 
when you pick up yippies hitching 
you can lay them onto it, and they 
will then spread the news. Papers 
should print it, and radio station 
people should tell listeners to 
write to them for a copy. In the 
next letter you write to anyone 
you know, include a copy of this 
article, We are really pushing this 
for several reasons, but mostly 
because it can seriosly affect Ma 
Bells profits and therefore policy 
if it goes into widespread use, § 
it should, It is wrong to assume 
that they can easily change the 
system and render the device in- 
effective, because it would take 
much time wherever they did it, § 
it would have to be done by 
people, 
who need the work anyway. Build 
them and sell them, but not for 
more than five bucks. The parts 
are cheap,maybe two dollars. 
GET GOING! 
BOGS.-- 
For those of you interested in an 
article on bugging and debugging 
devices, see Radio-Electronics, 
February 1972, We are forced to 
refer you to it because of lack 
of space here. 
Instead of being the period 
of good will to men on 
Wednesday morning our 
citizens were somewhat excited 
on learning that a resident of 
Main St. had cut all the 
telephone wires that passed 
over his house, thus cutting off 
the residents of the lower 
portion of the Town from its 
service. 
NUMBER 4 
MARCH-APen “72 
Our back issue department has a head- 
ache, so we're changing things a bit. 
We're combing thru the issues and 
putting together feature sheets on 
the major articles that appear. So 
far, they are as follows: 
Credit card calls and helpful hints, 
Pay phone hints, Installing phones 
This will speed our now sluggish 
back issue service, while insuring 
that you receive revisions and full 
information on past articles. Price 
is 25¢ each but send enough to make 
up for people who can't afford them 
(like us). When you get the shit, 
be sure to duplicate it immediately 
before it becomes all wrinkled, then 
start passing it out. You'll meet 
all kinds of far out people that. way 
and it's been proven that passing 
out YIPLs reduces the chance of 
heart attack, (for you but not for 
Rockefeller). 
Friends,freaks, and pigs; 
Of late, I have been receiving fewer 
computer cards to return with my bills 
but my friendly Public Service Co.s 
and good ‘ot Ma Bell persist in them. 
It seems to me that I once read of a 
local freak who not only cracked the 
code, but also went so far as to use 
it to his advantage. 
I feel it would 
be a great contribution to the cause 
of all of us if you were to encourage 
your readers to send in what they know 
so that you might publish it.-A key 
punch person. 
For those of you who want to know how 
to tell if your phone is tapped, give 
up. Best way to tell is by flipping 
a coin. Clicks mean nothing but poor 
service usually, and silence is often 
more dangerous. Don't talk on the 
phone!
dear yipl; you should know that 
the check I'm sending cost nothing 
to write. No charges for printing 
checks, deposits, writing checks, 
monthly statements. Just watch the 
overdrafts and postdated checks- 
they cost $3 each. Write for account 
information to UNB,461 Forbes, 
Pittsburgh, Pa. 15213(that's The 
Union National Bank of Pittsburgh). 
-Your friend in New York. 
Dear YIPL; 
If any phreaks would like to 
visit Atlanta this way there is a 
pay phone on the strip near Roy 
Rogers drive Inn(876-9639area code 
404). Its busy a lot, but if you 
call a dope dealing freak will 
probably answer. A good phone is 
at the U of Ga. at Atlanta. 404- 
543-9224. Call a student and turn 
him on th the credit card code! 
Skinny Bobby Harper, a very. cool 
D.J. at WIIN would like to hear 
from phone phreaks. Call him and 
talk on the air 6 am. -9 am.Mon. 
thru Fri., 6am.-10 am. Sat. 404- 
892-3777. Relate the credit card 
code to his listeners. 
I just had quite a good night of 
phreaking. After some of the best 
Mexican I ever had I called info 
in Houston. The operator was real 
nice. She answered my questions with 
"surely" and I told her that the 
operators in N.Y. said that too § 
it was just a catchy phrase that 
them yankees were into. She said it 
was in the operator's manual and 
I told her she sounded like a very 
nice girl and I was sorry that the 
establishment had made a robot out 
of her. Then she admitted to what's 
in the guts of every true american. 
She hates the phone co. Dig it! 
I believe that if you have the 
right tension bar and pick you can 
open up the cash box on a pay phone. 
See what YIPL readers can find out 
about this. Does opening the lock 
trigger an alarm in the phone co? 
Drop a dime or a washer in one 
of the old coke machines(red and 
short) and press the handle down all 
the way and get your soda, then lift 
up half way and press down again and 
out comes another coke. The whole 
fucking machine can be emptied for a 
washer or a filed-down penny. 
The Cheif of Security of Southern 
Bell here is Gerald E. McDaniels and 
he seems to like to talk to phone 
freaks. 
So why don't some of you 
people call him and tell him you're 
calling from 
with a phoney card 
and/or, a box.His office is 404-529- 
6036. He's in and out all day chasing 
phreaks so call him at home. Dial 404 
963-1640. He's kind of hard to catch 
so we advise calling between 2 and 3 
am.Ask him how he's going to catch 
him and tell him he's full of shit. 
Your nameless comrade. 
To:YIPL 
Thought you might be interested in 
the current issue of Advertising Age. 
It's about poor Mr. Gerrity of ITT, 
who is in charge of the company's 
93-MILLION DOLLAR A YEAR advertising 
program. 
If this wasn't enough, some 
people are saying some very unkind 
things about his giving $400,000 in 
a bribe to the Justice Department. 
In case any of you would like to con- 
sole Mr. Gerrity in this time of cri- 
sis, he can be reached c/o ITT,320 
Park Ave.,N.Y.,N.Y. or telephone: 212- 
PL 2 6000. 
Keep up the good work! 
-W.,New York,N.Y. 
Ed. note-I urge Yipls to take advant- 
age of this opportunity to show how 
concerned we are with current events. 
Boycott the War! 
{TT is a corporation which produces war materials, 
ITT owns the Sheraton Hotels. 
TTT also owns the Continental Baking Company. 
ITT makes Wonder Bread, 
Morton’s Frozen Foods, 
Profile Bread, 
Twinkies, © 
Hostess Cupcakes, 
dead people. 
Don’t Buy Wonder Bread!
SUPER- DUPER PRoyECT? 
This article will describe to you how to receive long distance calls at 
no charge to the caller. The device is simple to build and use, and it 
is less dangerous than all other long distance methods with the exception, 
perhaps, of credit cards. 
The phone company tells you are on the phone when you are drawing 
direct current. This device uses a resistor to reduce the dc, and a 
Capacitor to ensure that the voice sounds will not be also reduced. The 
part values are not critical. Simply break one of the two wires (green 
or red) going to the phone and install the unit. Extensions cannot be 
used also when using this device on a call, because when an extension is 
picked up the de starts to flow again, and the billing starts. 
To use: Know when a friend is calling long distance. Normally the unit 
should be left on "normal", but when the call comes in, you must pick up 
the phone and then flip the switch to "free" within half a second. This 
short period of time that the phone is answered normally stops the ringing, 
and should be performed during a ring cycle. It sounds a lot harder than 
it is, because if you wait too long between pick-up and switching to "free" 
then the call will be disconnected, but you have to wait at least a second 
to do that. If you don't wait long enough, or accidentally flip switch 
before picking up, the ring will be heard in the earpiece along with your 
friend, so hang up and do it agin! It'll keep ringing until you do it the 
right way. 
On local calls, if you answer with the above procedure, you will be cut 
off within a short time. As always, have friends call.at varying times,§ 
never stay on more than 15 minutes. The device is only for incoming calls 
to a home phone, and the caller must call direct, without an operator. 
This device is so good, and so cheap, that you will probably want to 
Xerox this article to pass out at demonstations, riots, colleges, post 
on bulletin boards, send to all the underground newspapers you know of. 
Do it today! 
“ FREE” 
SINGLE POLE SINGLE THROW sw itch 
eMAL” 
TOGGLE) 
10,000 OKM RESISTOR (awan) 
RED AND GREEN 
__—” 
WIRES 
( 
CAPAC 1 TOR (i Meo. 200 Yours) 
RECYCLE THIS ARTICLE! TAP, ROOM WE, ISA Ww. 42.37, NX,NY. 10036 
See issue #11 for simpler plans]
For those of us who live in New York City, a real treat may be had by 
visiting the new telephone building being built on Church Street below 
Canal. 
This building is described by some as the most incredibly ar- 
rogant piece of architecture 
they have ever seen. It's described by 
others as a monolith. 
It's huge, and is of solid something, but it looks 
like concrete. There are no windows, as in the blockhouses at Cape Kennedy. 
There are just these 4 huge openings about halfway up for some unknown 
purpose, 
If Hitler had had enough money and time, he would have wanted 
one of these battle stations for his very own. It appears capable of 
withstanding atomic attack, if that means anything, because if anyone 
were to use an atomic device, it would be our government or the phone 
company itself, and probably on us. Oh well, go on down and have a look 
at things to come. 
The telephone company offers its operators two kinds of headsets to wear 
on their heads for 8 hours a day. One kind is made of a very hard plastic 
and chafes and presses into the ear and side of the head. 
This is the 
standard, The other kind has a comfortable ear mount which is cushioned 
and much more desirable. Would you believe that you have to pay them for 
this type of headset if you are an operator? The phone company,after all, 
has to do something to make back all that money squandered on operator's 
outrageous salaries. Like even start charging for information calls, as 
they will soon be doing in many places. When that happens, we will urge 
people to strike phone service, phone employees to strike, and people to 
stop paying their extortion notices, and it looks like we should be get- 
ting ready. See y'all in San Diego. 
Loweaine StramMe 
(4 INCHES AVOUIS 
POSTMARE, oR 
Cover wert ELMces 
GLUE (see #37) 
TAP 
Room 418 
(SQ w.4¢a St. 
NY. 10036 
HAVE ALL 70" EReNds Toy YitL! By / p.Pow't sens cas! 
Make checks payable to TAP 
Published for informational purposes only by the Technological American Party (TAP). 
9 
cuitpany presiaent, £9 
Gerrity Jr. senior vp fo 
Rabe re 
and_ad 
at Inter 
Tel & Te 
+ ally —co 
a@ smoot 
ing wor