@ @o 5 0°® © @CIAIt is important that we understandthe basic fundamentals of the PayPhone before attempting to abusethis noble species.Fig. 1 shows the standard, or "old"version. More plastic parts areused on this model, making thecoin returns, for example, veryattractive targets for cherry bombs.Note three slots for depositingmoney. A nickel, when dropped,roduces a "ding't, a dime makes a“"ding-ding", and a quarter, youguessed it, makes a "gong". Thesounds are heard both by you andthe operator when they occur.Money deposited during a call onthis phone drops several secondsafter you hang up, on a pulse bythe operator, who can send it toyou by coin return, or to them viathe coin box.Fig. 2 shows the phone the Bellpeople designed to eliminate YIPL.(So they thought!) To prevent usfrom tape recording the dings anddongs, this model uses "beeps",and you can't even hear them. BUT,
SEPTEMBER °7|@)VOLUME 4@ YouTHINTERNATIONAL@ ©1 PHONE15 SUE
PARTYLINE
it you call a friend and stick inmoney while you're talking, he will.Thus, he can record them.Fig. 3 ‘shows you how to directlyrecord the tones from the phone atyour friend's house. Using a micro-phone doesn't work well enough.Never play beeps into an old phone,or dings into a new one, becausethe operators know. Operators knowthe prefix (first three digits) ofthe phone you're on, and they knowif you're at a pay phone. They knowwhen to suspect something if you'renot careful, and they sometimes putstakeouts on booths frequented byyippies.. Keep moving around. See issue #17.The polarity of the pulse the operatorsends to drop coins determines whereit will go. If the incoming wires of‘a phone you know are exposed, you canreverse the crucial two and get moneyback each time she tries to collect1t. There are only 4 wires, and theones to reverse are usually black §yellow or black §& red. This only workstill the collecting dude comes andfinds the box empty. See issue #15.
——BELLY SUTTON——— Lock Fee COINBom
FIG 2 ke FIGSiSeooVOLUME ConfThetceceeiee wePAMSFOent infuTAasLAFAYE TE 7395796(AC ITOR ~ | MFO,/100 vursCONTROL ~ LAGIIOWE Fa aasid

3 bbile"You can make a local 10 cent call for2 cents by spitting on the pennies anddropping them in the nickel slot. Assoon as they are about to hit the trig-ger mechanism, bang the coin-returnbutton. Another way is to spin the pen-nies counter-clockwise into the nic elslot. Hold the penny in the slot withyour finger and snap it spinning witha key or other flat object. Both sys-tems take a certain knack, but onceyou've perfected it, you'll alwayshave it in your survival kit.If two cents is too much, how abouta call for 1 penny? Cut a 1/4 stripoff the telephone book cover. Insertthe cardboard strip into the dime siotas far aS it will go. Drop a penny inthe nickel slot until it catcnes in themechanism(spinning will help). Thenslowly pull the strip out until youhear the dial tone.A number 14 brass washer with asmall piece of scotch tape over oneside of the hole will not only geta free call, but works in about anyvending machine that takes dimes.You can get a box of thousands forabout a dollar at any hardware store.You should always have a box aroundfor phones, laundromats, parking metersand drink machines.Bend a bobby pin after removing theplastic from the tips and jab it downinto the transmitter(mouthpiece). Whenit presses against the metal diaphragn,rub it on a metal wall or pipe to groundit. When you've made contsct you hearthe dial tone.Put a dime in the phone, dial theoperator and tell her you have tencents credit. She'll raturn your dimeand get your call for free. If sheasks why, Say you made a call on ano-ther phone, lost the money, and theoperator told you to gwitch phonesand call the credit operator.This same method works for longdistance calls. Call the operatorand find out the rate for your call.Hang up and call another operatortelling her you just dialed SanFrancisco direct, got a wrong numberand lost $.95 or whatever it 1s. Shewill get your call free of charge.NEW
SR
im.
Dear YIPL:Here's my request for a subscriptionto your monthly newsletter. I wroteto Abbie last week after reading his'Sreal This Book" I told him of a wayto pick up loose change from thephone co.Immediately after someone has paidfor a long distance call, you enterthe booth and drop another dime orslug and call a number you know willbe busy. You can call the next boothif there are two. Just leave thephone off the hook. If you are quick"like a rabbit, and drop the dime be-fore the previous caller's money dropswhen you then hang up after a busysignal, you'll get your slug back andall the change the first guy dropped.Naturally yo" shoule then mail it tothe phone cc any i order to stayhonest. P.H.,Phoenixville, Pa.YIPL TIP-Another number that willbe busy is the one you're on, sodial the one that's staring you inthe face. Also, if you're the guy whowas in first, it's even easier to putin a dime at the end of your call 4get your bread back, ‘Cause you don'thave to rush into the booth. You'realready there:Hi--Yeah, put us on the list for phoneinfo.Operators in this area are startingto ask credit card callers from phonebooths the area code of the city inwhich the card is issued. In otherwords, say some varmit 15 calling onphony # 536-8445-007-H, the operatorwill want to know what city (007=Boston, right?) and it's area code(617)? Mad Funk Collective, Tucson.eeS [OVLLELAN: ELL-CWA TALKS—— aALAIN STALEMATED AS BELL COMPLAINSNE EQUIPTMENT SABOTAGE. FAR OV Ti
hoffman on pay phone sustice...You can make a long distance calland Charge it to 2 phone number.Simply tell the operator you wantto bili the call to your home phonebecause you don't have the correctChange. Tell her there is no onethere now to verify the call, butyou will be home in an hour and shecan call you then if there is anyWeeefinds Make sure the exchangeprefix)goes with th\P Senne e area you sayYou can make all the free longdistance calls you want by callingyour party collect at a pay phone.Just have your friend go to a pre-arranged phone booth at a prearran-ged time. This can be done on thespot by having the friend call youperson to person. Say you're notin, but ask for the number callingyou since you'll be "back" in $Minutes. Once you get the number,Simply hang up, wait a moment andcall back your friend collect. Thecall has to be out of the state towork, Since operators are familiarwith the special extension numbersassigned to pay phones for her areaand possibly for nearby areas aswell. If she asks you if it is a payphone say no. If she finds out duringthe call{which rarely happens) andinforms you of this, simply say youdidn’t expect the party to have apay phone in his house and accept thecharges. We have never heard of thishappening though.If there are two pay phones nextto each other, you can call longdistance on one and put the coins inthe other. When the operator cuts inand asks you to deposit money, dropthe coins into the one you are notusing, but hold the receiver up tothe slots so the operator can hearthe. bells ring. When you've finished,you can simply press the return but-ton on the hone with the coins init and out they come. If vou havea good tape recorder(cassete) you canrecord the sounds of a quarter, dimeand nickel going into a pay phone andplay them when the operator asks youfor the money. Turn the volume up asloud as you can get.

(MONKEY WARFARE"If you like Halloween, you'll lovemonkey warfare. It's ideal for peo-ple uptight about guns, bombs and fthas » ou 3. uyother children's toys, and allows for 5° ee > See 5imaginative forms of protesting, many nds pl Yn TH "io uv WYof which will become myth, hence dup- sae @ - HNlicated and enlarged upon. A syringe ox ~§& oO BF ow(minus the needle) can be filled with Mn PG sora ek xO. co oha dilute solution of epoxy glue. Get wim ee » — §&82the two tubes ina hardware store me ON mm peaand squeeze into a small bottle of wo 22 » LeLKsrubbing alcohol. Shake real good and on & nm dd woomdpour into the baster or syringe. YOU Se wa 5 UFOHAVE ABOUT 30 MINUTES BEFORE THE MIX- aso a 4 doesnTURE GETS TOO HARD TO USE. Go after HY a0 4 da melocks, parking meters, and telephones." my ‘9} + f ae ©, U ; EoA word about this. If someone has to ne ain nog hsmake an emergency call, think of what Seales SEROOESpouring the shit down the coin slot eA Elo naes BO sDwould have done. A good way to use He do Ur-monkey warfare is to keep thinking, Dea cgteg waoun bea"How can I fuck the pigs, and help my a 77 818 UM HAM Er° . emt Wi wt &Sisters and brothers?" It then becomes LU ZWD Mt ONMM YHobvious to glue the lock on the coinbox, so they can't collect. And if youjam up the entrance to a parking meterslot, people can park there for freeand have a ticket-saving excuse. IT SEEMS THAT PLACING StAamePs1 INCH LowER ON AW EN VELOCENEXT |SSUVE: LETIERS, AVOIDS A Post MARK.QUEsTIONS, ANSWERS, = aeINTERVIEWS AND MORE. =Published for informational purposes only by the Technological American Party (TAP).
Manyweueends sre retvengto pey rhe federal phoneianthet gees for wer. For information:Ware Tax ResistanceJIB Loteyetee Seren. New York City 10017(212) 477- 2970