Milo Ponebiil's Automatic Blue Box Explainedby LavoisierAdvantages of Milo's Box1. Can hold 5 10 digit numbers.2. Each number is outvoulsed at the proper rate at thetouch of a single key.3. The current drain is very low. When not pulaing thebattery drain is only ficrommps. A single 9 Valkaline battery will power it for a year of on time,unlike Peter Piver's crogramnmsable box (TAP ¢ 56) whichtakes two SV batteries and pulis 24mea in standbyDisadvantages of Milo's Box1. The box is comvlex.2. Because of its complexity it ia bulkier than the usualmanual] box.The enclosed schematic is cf a working Milo Fonebill BB. Ittook one hell of a lot of study to figure it out from Milo'sdrawings. I'll describe how it works in 3 sections: 1, Numberentry} 2, Playing back the nurters, or RUN; 3, Clearing theBox.1. Mumber entry. Assume the box has been cleared andml in in al) 64 bits of each register. I'll get to theyeason for this later. The switch enabling the keyboard isClosed. Now assure that the KP key is vreassedthen linss1100 snd 1700 go low. A “O" (0 is low, 1 is highjis placedon pin 35 (Data In) of IC 9 & 12 but the deta is notentered yet. At the sere timerin 4 of ICSA and pin 13 of1chcgo low which drives pin 1] of IC14C Jow. This in turnwakes fin 10 of all the shift registers low through IC4Aand IC]6B. This puts the shift registers in date ontrymode. Meanwhile charge ia leaking off C3 through R14 andafter sbdout 9msQD goes high and ‘goes low. This delayis to allow for contact bounce jn the keyboard awitches.QD high drives pin 2 (clock input) of sll the shift registe-shigh. The data vresent at pin 15 of all the shift registersis now entered. KD' went low after 9ms which, through IC6A,ICL7A-F, and IC21E &F turns on the output amolifier (LMZE6)giving an audible click and lights the pulsing gate indi-cator LED. The LED stays lit es long as any key is depressed.Let ws repeat, we O is entered into the 1100 and 1700shift recisters ond a } is entered in the 700, 9CO, 1300,and 1500 shift registers when KP {s pressed on tha key-board.The Schritt triggers (IClGE&F) reolace the 4047 usedin Milo'a box.I could not get the AC47 to work in thisapplication. Besides the 74C14 Schmitt trigger is cheapor.Note also that the P gate indicator driver siould be eanon-inverting buffer and not an inverting buffer ss Miloshows it.The 40%] shift register, wlike other CMOS ICs, hes aJarge clock input capacitance (nin 2) so Y play safe anddrive them with 3 invertirg buffers rather tan 1 18 Hilodoes. The 4031 is clocked by the positive edge of theclock end not just a high level so the clock input needsa sherply rising wave form to clock it.2, RUN Mode. Assume that 2 ton digit mumbers each witha prefix of KP and e suffix of 3 have been ontered into theehift registers. Before going on I will describe the 1 of2 data selector composed of the 3 NAND gates IC5iB, C, & Dund the inverting buffer IC16C. Two clock rates are used?1280 He supplied by the oscillator IC25; lOHz at the@utput (pin 3) of thedivide by 128 counter (IC20). TheW2L0Hz clock zoes to one invut of the date selector(pin 9,IC3D) and the JOHz clock goes to the other input(pin 12,1C3C). The ecntrol signal appears et pin 4 of the NOR gateIC)5B. When this contro] voltage is low then the output ofthe data selector (pin 4, IC3B) follows the nigh speed clock.When thie pin is high then the output of the data selectorfollows the Jow speed clock.Now, Jet's cress tne RUN key. Immediately pin 4 of1C4B goes high end stays high for 5O0ms (I'll explain thereason for the SOms later) and the output of the NOR latchcomposed of I1C13C & D (vin 10, IC13D) goes high which sendspin 3 of ICl4A low. After 5SOus this turns on the clockoscillator (pin 4, IC23) and drives pin 1 of IC6A high whichturns on the output arcplifier and the P gate indicator.Which clock will be used by the dats selector? A totalof 24 digits have been entered into the shift registers.Since these are 64 bit shift registers the data ia 40 bitsaway from epoesring at the outvout. The 2 NAND gates ICS58and IChD see all "la" at the 2 output (pin 6) of the shiftregistera, This through ICI&D end IC15B selects the highspeed clock. So, at a rate of i1250Hz data ia atepped throughthe shift registers.
MAR-APR 1980 NO.62After 40 clock cycles two things harcnen, eltner of v-ichwill reset the RUN latch and turn off tne clock. The “f-gof Register” (2CR) ccunter (IC]9) hns reached a count of64 (it also counts when the numters are enterad) viscing ahigh level cn pin 6 of ICIAB. Also the K)* Kn» detctorcomposed of the 3 NAND getes IC2C & D and ICRA '.as detectedKP, at the J output (Yu not Q) output (cin 7) of the 1100and 1700 shift registers. This pisces a high level at thaother input (sin %) of the NCR gate ICI4B. The nepativegoing pilse st pin 6 of the reset generator (IC22) trigzersa 2ms output pulse at pin 10. This ressts the SUN latch, theEOR counter (1619), the civide by 128 counter (1020), andturns off the clock. Al] this happoned in @1,.25ma, SCmsdelay before the clock turned on plus 31.25ms to snift 40bite at 1280Hz.But we still haven't layed our numbers back. The nextpress of the AUN key sets the first number. KP of the firstnumber js st the output of the 1100 & 17CO shift registors.The output of the K)+ K, detector is high making the triggerinput (nin 6) of the reset generator low but this doesn'tdo anvthing. The reset generator is negative edge triggered.Iet's cress RUN again. Again wo pet the 50ms Jelay beforethe clock turns on. The "No Dats Detect" gates see datapresent at the shift registers so the dats selector selectsthe low speed clock. Pin 13 of the NOR gate ICI]EC goes lowand pin 12 of the seam IC is also low because it takes 64clock cycles before pin 3 of IC20 will go high. ICISC thendrives orm innut of sli the output NAND gates high (ICIA, B,CO, D, IC2A & B)-Pins 7 of ehift registers IC9 ani ICl2 erealso high so the output of BAND gates IC1C (1100) and1C2B (1700) go low which turns on the 1100 and 1700 tonegonerstors. The output azolifdier and the P gate indicatorare also on so we have ]00ns of KP as per Milo’s speca.KP is 100ms because of the 5SOms delay before the clockstarts running. This is the reason for the 5Oms delay.Therefore R2 and C2 should be chosen to give a SOms delay.Pin 3 of IC20 goes nigh 100ms efter RUN ia keyed. Thisturns off the tone generators and clocks the shift registersto the next number. After 50ms of silence pin 3 of IC20 goeslow for 5Oms and we get 5Oms of tones for wnat ever nunber4s after KP end so on for each number until KP of the nextnumber is reasched. Then the Ky-¥ Ko detector ‘output, whichwent low after KP of the first nuzber was shifted past, againgoes high trigzering the reset penerator which stops the clockand resets everything.A second press of the RUN key plays the second numberin the same way. After ths second number is played thereare 40 bits of no data so the "No Data Detect" selects thehigh speed clock which ravidly (31.25ms) recirculates KP ofthe first nurber to the output of the shift registers andeverything stops. The box is now ready to replay the firstnumber.3, CLEAR. When the CLEAR key is pressed pin 1 of ICI3Agoes high. This i@ one input of the NCR latch composed ofICl3A and B. This drives pin 3 of ICI3ZA low which, throughIC4A and IC16B drives low pin 10 of all the shift reginateras.Thie changes the shift registers from the recirculate nodeto the date entry mode. At the sane time the other outputof the WOR latch (vind, IC13B) goes high. This through [C158Causes the data selector to select the high speed clock. Theshift registers sre now clocked at 1280He with their inputs(pin 15) all high. This losds a "1" in all 64 locations ofall the shift registers. Since the complement outcut (3) ieused the shift registers sre cleared. After 64 counts the EORcounter goes high (pin 3, IC]19) and resets the CLEAR NORlatch. The box in now ready to accept new nusbers

The Tene Generator AoardThe S0l7e are the oscillatora and are overstsd at 10times the desired wutput frequmney. The outsut of eachoecillator is fad into a digital sine wave czenerator (seeDon Lancaster's *CWOS Cookbook") which gives a 10 stepapproximation of a sine wave at 1/)0 the inrut frequency.Unlike « square wave whose first harmonic i» the jrd at1/5 the power of the fimdamental, the firet harmonica of«a 20 step eine generator is the 9th et only 1/9 the poweref the fundamental. Musnonof Vilo's elaborate filtermetwork is required. Just lately I've learned {TAP ofseurss) that square waves work af well se sine waver #0 thebeard seuld be simplified by operating the oscillators atthe eorrpct frequensy and eliminating the digital sine wavexoreratore.Tha output amplifier (LNOG6) ie very convenient andeasy to use. Ite ocutmrt voltage {a automatically bissedat @ the susply voltage. Its autput iupedance is §& ohm towateh the wost commen speakers. [t {es designed for batteryoperation and haz a low quisseant ourrent drain.Milto’s schewetia did not includes it, but the voltageregulaster is required. The frequency of the 4047s is somewhat voltage dependant. Do not make any component@ebatitutionms in thia raguiator. It ta designed for CHOeircuite and has « very low power drein but ean atill supplyquite a bit of current when necessary. When the box iaeutpuising for instance. You eam find more about thisregulator in the National Semisonductoe “Linear Applisations,Veolwu i", AN71-7 & 8.Yer the buffers om the logic soard de not substitutethe £009or 4010 for the4049 or 4050. The latter2 cansupply much more output current than the first mentionedpair.Twe tipe for -working with CMOS cireultea. Piret, theinputs are statis sensitive. Werk on a grounded surface andground yourself throwh « 1] weg resistor when handling CHOS@ircuits, Jesced, the inputs of unused devicee must go 2008where, either to the positive or negative supply, or tisd tea funetioning input. Inputs cannot be left floating or thedevice may caesillate which will pull « lot of standby current.Remember that CKOS circuits theeretically draw ne currentwhen they are not switehing.I have not shewn the positive and negative supply leadsom the various gatea on the logia board. Just remember,all the gate peekagea need pesitive and negative supplies.
e
>¥
«5 PS .oO g 9 “” FertE poy HE24 be .$ >.5 >+ séaZ ~< ~ 3a Som ———
oe< 33 Fb “ae Ayoa ” mR Yaa rS lu° - 4 ag fsw ct Ko- wv rer en. & aa | | o* x“z mie *eec.oO > GR 2oe w NY r X<¥ ai er Sza ~~ <€yofase ro” Ny2 3T 223~ ea w TMuy ia a aewe
&1100 >———%0)—_——Ra)——
Poo
qs
FRONT 7ANEL7é0
190
HOO
yao
i500
1700
pa Sy >} 2600te) { PATE NACALeo=PNe? + CLEARRe —p Ren
7rdSpe<5 weIsLe mM“3.< j axb 33]Ss 5Mme2| ** >e<=INNS2qrt“ oa e RKa dongngo”= gd0aa Oogeacagqaea2aaoaaqeenWy kh ws“Syoea oh
5.6V aTLegie Board IC'sAESUL ATEDMAND gateIc}, i 5, 4, 4011 Quid dua) input305, 6=Dus) A in bP,© shift registor1put NAND gatese dl, 12-405) 6hFut NCR gaquad 2 In gxer bufferSeing bufferng Scheitt traMonosteble/satable multivibreterinary counterng bufferbuffer 4049Max nen=-invert“The hex invertlRon-daverti023~-WO&? Low pewer7 atage b
Ru@iuvertingTC19, 20-4624F021 4040 Ke xre22TO181c?,8,9, 10ois, 34, )¥C16-Hes17450

LOGIC & RDa3
_»f gam hm ~FFa
Ti@ *ueft ror the terfect “leor,Much roDetercee Yenc te CF CT LIt er eller.hich" Mee citer saa,Ml VET.to chtedr, vr my .l to ofa rro fees, cr, CP rerki,ELL TO@LGlVe bro ocerperiz:on t¢ the:r tee: le, cl lrethere,Cre rugitarnce thet cee fee cf Gt tw reworercg lr etrans(AsroPe, ClethIA ctner or (act etmylether’s, the ereertsets:Thal eboil, NT RGuririrg, MAphel Fle ortie Vewie sir cuitePorysserms em ef blom vite: the pest co.t.e 2 Porsres ‘exnrr(thuore Ipterect@ec car veler t¢ “laeit ria lisieas Ureyprcy ‘mecher) enc the “ether eve" have et cioee -eer Cultsrerudear. [tr pOvarta,@& anc Virtues fre trat .t le chess,lecal, easily evarlatle, |edicel. sere, +rc, of courte,Or & akin oust. fievar, ceeu ether on pre Cr! fora ti =car of jeers, 46 weil @2 tumiing of 6 Gagnibicent nn cerCi t¥lercs withCut wns ceseterious ef fectr anc erntiurtxet.creviews, ether hes the cs ‘. Mazcigm .@aa ef APr roves oricele cra effective recreuticrel cm,.the eri: real arawbaca Cu atier ic tie carnoteticns 3!parol fsing Wet 3a?e cae Consures uy. Tr5e Can Le @pruoler. cir.ce Conew.:ticr Ccoumes the ctror, cOlvert Foes!O: ether ta pervece the uncle area, ACM ci like rot mine,nin formed terial: i ecers anc [rience tena to pet culteSOrtcerrma (ANC go:.etice suite hortile) wher they rotice 1%.The; i:-ealatel) eg8tc @ Jou are |.ABFeCTirg JOUr ure cellicwath clue, you 'ucrin' cegenctrete, ou. ‘'egt ekacrec,Pouever, thet efiher 1 spie rrcg unreistea to , duc, tol ieneora over carverous incustrial sclverts.Another pOirt tc tere ceretul rote cr if that aliSler@r curt Te nest peas (ro. ether, its va-our ara tieWhU.L@ -OCnern. ategs FCher ac ether (uep are estreel:tlerc able. Thik remsre °C eobing at all, so carcier,retches, etc. if vou choose t? forse. or tinregarc this,reveccer that wrdare opin a tcepstal Purt werd ,cr croreprocaoly rrarfir, 28 in the rerultic, ea: lemion uf seKriryfleces tre oc uct un; lem@arnt wasm tO cone acwoes
Lat.1.OCnMink $7aF
Ctner wir we or.ret! ag fm ow OMe Clee CF these?Toupeey Cro riypra@e CLP 6mm tour loerl vencu. the.str crseGidy) det. Wther in cblourtcur .5 the crearic cheristr:2, B vere ce vc? JAS Temper.t ur ealvert, anc urec toongf> Out filer ee: rete on She a10 let. If :0u ius ether,1Ccen CLreigyt e7CG ft efneo cay SQL. reeu it ep & Cleer st?eC lver?, Cr 'Or & ¢he..wtrs exits cr tO sneak Cyt filce‘or ph p@he@tice Cort. lt akculs cont ecu. 77.0 for «Crm lh. suttimcr cen eich wali Last euite ¢ ion, tues.Titibe ether ch corte, @ lattle 6 ¢ cloth i> hleetex,recering era ¢utyi, cost (er leetin, On) the container,notin, The cioth ur ta :aur rere cr Olt cee irrelireGeesly te vupoere. Ft creli pret:; raurer;, at triecleerreers efter a grcrt while. The tritisel bic seerscl? vem curabhl;, theretcre "Fé Cottle -6f ce festeserourd cOntinucvely with 2 proc feclitery srortiry; iF bacPCr DOU ewethetit anc selet: reazcrc}. “ c,arting”* theOttlme 18 ¢Cconeicered fcor vor. “ther c@irn, -2r creemthetic(Ccassioreli7 » Teal fiero wil? case ont src bee! over,This i2 frothing %O pat excites ctour- Che over-irnculrercer either be wlaprea .; or jel to har creae. . ade surehe's etili oreathir, every now ann then sw: you're worriac,whe ether hagn io truly increa:ble. One cor attainA reaily interecting, surer-storee, paychecelac rtate that1g truly out of this worle., ‘Yiu can ree t: © setup, cethe secrets Of the unaverme uwiécld. Am ether-heacNeo.There@eau rerertes, “‘ou ,o ce.cra the turthest star.’Petter Thor pseon'’s accurate cencreption cr etherccenie inris excellent "“ear @# -cath:nge ir Leas VYeges" is aise worthcheckirg OutsLestly, the are. cl etrcer cuales or vour breath foreB ehile isceaiatel, a:tat use arc it ce -ara to Ci SgulseOQ @kp.mins sO Hay aba Vror etrai, hte ss roeslole.Cae orves wisely anc 31... ccerat:.n ae trey will szpreveYOur e@exieBasce.MOREY stoning anc@ rece cer srat the aommouse salés..

Everything you always Wanted tu know aboutlo33 HZ tones but were atraid to askhy the YagicianAS any of you know, there 15 a foucth toneusel in the Toucsu lone asatrix that is not ancluaedon standard Touch fone phones. This tone 18 1633WZ and Can be obtained in three ways. You can tryto cocate 3 ailitary 16 button puone, but tars 28usually very dizsficult. the other cnoices are touboy a Vo Sutton Jouch Tune encuder usea Ly uaaIrai10 operators or tu sodify a pell Touch Tonepnone by adding an adaitionat exewitch to theunutilizea tap on the torvuid transfurpec.Now that You Koow wuys to venerate lo33 HZ,you ahunt wonder what it iS uted tor. lhe bainuse of this rereyguency is tor control Signauliiny ainAUILUVUN (arlitary aba LULL AUlugatic V¥uiceheUWOrK). Foe Suttons in the e@2trda Cozausn areGesrgndtua PlaSh Owerrpiage (16343 ¢ 697 Ez), Flasn(to33 © 770 H2zyp, Intersediate (loss + &52 Hz), andPriority (to33 * Y41 HZ), top to buttoe. bachkuttou supeccedes the one below at, with FlashUVercide LeServes for the President ah the eventUl a “national emergency".The othec use of foss ob2 As in fda nellCubtro, Signalling. it can be uSeud to setuptolir-iree louprarounds, wass conrerence Calis, anideven lets YUU becoau tue Intormation JpEeKrutoc.When you place a call fur Lona distanceJuformatiun, you ar2. routed through at ALY(Automatic Vall vistrabutor). In about dsu% ot thearea codes in the US, it as Possible to access ACUinternals via Joss Hz (e.9. uafea cod2 3b5 asQlways puun!). fo gain access tu Ach, call theinformation operator as usual (1¢3U5-555-1212z).AS the Cala @QOeS tnrough, Keep the FTLOrIty buttonpressed; tre aoment the operator answers, you arethrown into ACU abd you wlial recelve a diral tunepulsed abuut once per Secund,Tne functions now available to you througnACD are uocunented ain the 4a beil book tmotes onDittance Yraling® ss the "WO serdet test Lodes'.Just ouse the last digit of the code (e.u. Tuewould be executed Ly pressing © and waal provide aWd HZ tone). The cudeS OL AnNLerest to us are oand 7. Code 6 enters you anton one side of aloop-arounid and Since the ahtoraation nuaber ashON~Supecvisiny, the caal is toli-tree!! Haveyour partner in crise access ACV anu use coae 7 tuacce33 the otner side of the loop-arounu (susearea Coder are gettinsy Saart and passing obly WLUHZ). Ik the ccde © person hangs up ana tute cuoae 7person hanus on, aCb will sometises saltruuctionang route all information calis to the coge 7pecson instead of.the real iuntrormation operator.how that you are the intorsmetion Uperator, givethose Fulks some REAL information Like the audressto subscribe to TAF. This same tecnnigue providesfor aass conferenciny since ail callers to thatinfor Pation nutber are connected touvether!1?!ACD 13 Aeat abt phun to experiment wath asdung aS you don't stay on too long. I"m not surehow leval at is to sess with ACD since youtre notuefraudanu Tebvu of ats lavwtul Cbharves, but asSOun 38 yOu Cun act to anvcther person, you peichtyvalify ror arrest under wire traud statutes (boy,aren't you lucky?!)Pleace teal tree to send questions, coasents,etc. to The tagician, c/o TA.
UPDATE ON MANUFACTURING SEALS by Agent MDARE: TAP Issue #50.8 (May-June '78)_ This methodof manufacturing seals for birth certificates andother official documents uses a clay called “FIMO”that is made in Germany and may be difficult topurchase locally. An acceptable substitute called“Repla-Cotta"TM can be purchased from American Handi-crafts stores. (Stock #049-3021.) A two poundblock costs five dollars, and it is a sufficientamount to make at least a hundred seals. If there18 no American Handicrafts store nearby, the com-pany can be contacted by writing: American Handi-crafts, Division of Tandycrafts, Inc., Ft. Worth,Texas, 76107, AJso, retail prices for tools haveskyrocketed, and the price of a set of 3/32" re-verse latter punches is now twice the thirty threcdollars quoted in TAP #50 --~ $66.00:A novel and casy method of obtaining seals hasbeen published by Eden Press, P.O. Box 8410, Foun-tain Valley, CA, 92708, in The Paper Trip 11, 1979Edition, pages 88-89, price $14.95. (This book wasformerly called The New Paper Trip, and the sealsection has been revised, too.) Basically, thePaper Trip II method uses two or more’ seals --which can be purchased at seal and rubber stampstores -~ and by cutting and filing away the un-wanted parts of cach scal, the seal desired can beeffected by embossing them in succession, one overthe other. For example, to make the seal of “Bum-fugg, Maine", order a seal thal says something like“Moose Club -~ Bumfugg, Maine“ and have an engrav-—ing put in-the center portion of the seal. Whenthe raiscd lettering that says "Moose Club" is fil-ed off the seal, only the center engraving, town &state name, and the border will be embossed. An-other seal is still needed to be purchased; forthis one, just have “Vital Statistics” on the topand "Moose Club" c1 the bottom, File off the rais-ed letters of the "Moose Club" and the seal willonly emboss "Vital Statistics” and the border. Theborder will have to be removed from one of the seals,of course, but after the second seal is embossedover the first seal, it will read "Vital StatisticsBumfugg, Maine" with a neat engraving in the centerportion which will be good cnough to fool almostany bureaucrat.In comparison to the TAP #50 method, the PT ITmethod has two noteworthy advantages: First, it isless work because it is more of a method of gettinga seal rather than a method of making a seal; apassable seal can be obtained the first time around.Second, the initial outlay of cash for one seal maybe a few dollars lese;: on the other hand, the TAP#50 method is less expensive for a large quantityof seals. Therefore, if one necds only a seal ortwo, and his desire to spend hours modeling clayand plastic is low, the Paper Trip II method isideal.Mitehhiker Picks the Wroug CarMilpitas, Callf. (AP) — The free- ly does not pick u hitchhikers, betdom of the open roed was brief for Dean was irresistible His pants wereescaped cenvkt Rey Dean, 2%. He = slenciied “Counly Jail."hitched a ride that took him straight She said Dean, in jall since Au.back to jail. gust for burglary, offered ne resist-Lt. Pat Ruch of the Santa Clara ance. “He just hooked very disap.County sheriff's office said she usual. pointed,” she said.62 TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036Bask Ingsues are b0¢ each. Issue #59 is $1.00, o> aSBubscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk rate $5. . "Taxesarenot levied forUS First Class in plain sealed envelope $7. x 7 the benef!! of the taxed."Canada & Mexico First Class $7. . Robert Hetndein.Foreign $8, THs1 Include mailing label or Xerox copywhen writing to TAP about your gubseription.Elivy, aics Courses - 50% each. A - DC Basics, ; anesB- AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D- Amplifiers. hafltidecchdhtchaedihbadTAP Mugs - $4.47,TAP T-shirts - $4.59. Specify size and color: Smal, T-eed offMedium, Large, Extra Large. Black or red T-sbirtwith white TAP logo. ASHEBORO.NC (UPT) —Service station attend.. oe TAP“CrackedBel Button - ¢ each. sot Orlando McIntosh had mo doubt what to do whenDammit, MissCampbell, our wortd- TAP Cassette Tape - $3.50. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell, man walked into his station Sunday night. Hefollowedwide computer- . — Joe Engressia, and Bell Security Chief Jobn Doberty, the keeroctioneprintedontheman'sT-shirtCommunications tgplay - ; wrti . id “sh “which ;TAP "The Telephine, #1" artis! Print - $3.5). Ki_untang em vp. which Mctntosh did,wor er fone toa Th for ood We mftructions fur Boy oonceelrent included. handing over $454to the bandit whocarried a 22caliberFriday party.TAP"143 Belllf A Sbeap Mother® Patch - $1.59.robber lestas was Seen fleeingtoward nearby