CORRECTION! 
‘The Red Box circuit of Issue 36 is incorrectly drawn, 
‘The two emitters of the transistors should be tied to- 
gether and connected to pin 1 of the XR-2240 timer, They 
are incorrectly tied to ground in Issue 36, Please correct 
the schematic in your issue, even if you don't plan to make 
the Red Box immediately. It will save you time later on. 
REPORT FROM END OF THE EARTH 
Dear TAP and Freaks, 
Tam a lone freak living in a small town in northern Canada. 
lam familiar with electronics but not with phones. This 
town is a long way from anywhere and does not have a real 
telephone company. I get my phone from the Canadian 
National Railroad, This has possibilities but standard tech- 
niques don't work. CW's system is tied.into AGT in Alberta 
and also into the military phone system. 
Did you know that the military makes their own Blue Boxes? 
I often talk to the military guy in charge of their system. He 
tests their system every Tuesday. Some of the buttons on 
his Blue Box control priorities. Qne of these buttons will 
even take priority over the President of the U.S, Perhaps 
even a call for a pizza should take priority over Ford, but 
that's irrelevant. 
Anyway, one of the phones where I work has a habit of 
automatically connecting you to the military system due to 
some small defect in the exchange (possibly deliberate?) 
What I have in mind is the development of a facility which 
would enable freaks to call into here (a Black Box could 
make that toll free) and then they could dial out of here into 
the military systém. If they had a Blue Box with five add- 
itional buttons for the extra tones that the military uses, 
then they could use any priority they needed to interrupt any 
military or government call in any NATO country. What is 
needed here is some people who know about such things. 
A few people here have experimented successfully with 
communicating direct to the Anik satellite. They used 4 
foot dishes made of wire mesh and assorted old microwave 
gear, but they left town, I think they were liquidated. 
‘The phone company here has changed their equipment 
around so that it is not possible to call a toll-free number 
from anywhere in the western half of the NorthWest Terri- 
tories. So even though they have in-band signalling, Blue 
Boxes no longer work. However, I am trying to devise a 
new type box which I think might work anywhere. The logic 
is as follows: 
1, Dial O for operator. This sets things up so that you 
are connected to a common wire which passes thru several 
operator's boards and causes all of them to ring. When one 
of the operators is not busy and has finished inspecting her 
fingernails, she answers. This usually happens after 180 
rings. When she answers, her board puts an audible tone 
on the line which causes the other operators! stations to 
stop ringing since one of the operators has answered. She 
then asks who you are and writes a little note to remind the 
organization to bill you. Then she dials your long distance 
call for you using a touch tone board. 
2. So, before any operator answers, put this tone onto the 
line the same as if one of the operators answered and is 
telling all the other operators' boards to stop ringing. 
3. Dial the number yourself using Blue Box without using 
the 2600 cycle "on hook" tone, 
INFORMATION WANTED 
If anybody there knows the frequency of the "operator has 
answered" or "receiving attention" (or whatever they call it) 
tone, I would like to know. 
have discovered that the phone company cum railroad 
company uses a very old signalling system on their order 
wire. If you dial some number and talk to the guy at the 
test board, you can ask him to dial for you to certain other 
test boards in other cities, He uses a system of beeps of a 
single tone. For example, 55 is just 5 beeps followed by a 
space and then 5 more beeps. Iam going to try sending the 
beeps myself because, if1 can hear them going out, the 
equipment can probably hear any beeps that 
I make. 
=~. 
ZT 
JULY-AUG 1976 
NO.37 
Has anyone ever tried this? How do you find out the 
number of the test board so you can do it before the guy 
answers? I think if you reach the test board in a distant 
city you can dial 9 and get back into the regular phone 
system. Do southern, Bell style phone systems have 
test boards like that? Can the phone company find out 
whodunnit? 
Another thing, kind of scary, the Mounties have two 
cables from their shop to the exchange with maybe 50 
pairs each, Rumor has it that their latest toy is a big 
box with a dial on it, a handset with a snooper button and 
a speaker, a bunch of jacks for tape recorders, anda 
pen recorder for dial clicks. The story goes that they 
can dial any number with this thing and listen in, It looks 
like it is a standard gadget made by Western Electric (?) 
and it works only in towns with a type of exchange called 
an SP - 3, Part of this town has SP - 3 and the rest has 
something made by a guy named Watson. Does anybody 
know about this cop equipment? How do you fuck it up? 
The CN exchange includes a computer which dials 
everybody's number once a day and does a whole series 
of checks on it avtomatically. If you have an illegal ex- 
tension and were dumb enough to leave the bell connected, 
the computer dials your number and does a "condenser 
check" by putting a pulse of DC down the line. The extra 
condenser will tengthen out the time for the pulse to decay 
and the computer prints out your name and number and 
what your crime is. The phone men and the RCMP then 
come in like the Marines and arrest you. I would like to 
know what else the computer is sensitive to. So far I 
have discovered "condenser trouble" (illegal extension) 
and "foreign battery on line" (this means that you called 
somebody who has "called party priority" and they left 
it off the hook so you couldn't get disconnected and they 
tried to get the phone company to trace the call. When 
this happens, you apply a shot of DC to your phone line 
(experiment to get the right polarity and use about 40v) 
and you get the dial tone back. However, the exchange 
prints out "foreign battery on line" with your phone #, 
You don't want to be the only fbol that day, so you zap 
40v DC onto all the phone terminations in 3 or 4 apart- 
ment buildings. That way nobody knows whodunnit. 
We used to talk over the Telex until CN got wise and 
changed the teletype machine for a modern one. The 
old one had a switch marked VOICE and TYPE and a 
jack to plug a handset into. Very economical! I think 
the voice facility is for their own staff when testing 
the equipment. They go home at 5 pm and if you dial 
9 on the Telex after dialing the number for the city you 
want, then you get connected to the regular phone sys- 
tem in that city and just dial the number. No bill! 
Continyed —> 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976 - Do not make checks 
Out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement jroups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators.
WARNING! PAY PHONES HAVE AUTOMATIC SILENT 
BURGLAR ALARMS! I read Tom Edison's Open 
Sesame and he didn't mention the fact that, at least in 
Canada (I'm not talking about here in the far north) pay 
phones have an extra pair going to them, for an alarm. 
‘They seem to sometimes carry a dial tone if you hook 
@ regular phone across it but as soon as you take it off 
hook and hear the dial tone, the alarm rings at the ex- 
change. To find out which wires are the talking wires 
and which are the alarm wires, take a pair of 600 ohm 
earphones with a capacitor in series (aircraft-type 
earphones are 600 ohm but please don't rip them off 
out of small cloth covered 20 mile per gallon airplanes) 
and listen across each pair as you take the pay phone 
off hook, Once you have identified the talking pair, 
the other pair is the alarm pair. Some pay phones 
have 3 wires in the talking circuit. Two are for actual 
talking and the other is for collecting money but I 
think this is rare. 
The alarm will be tripped if you do anything violent on 
the body of the phone: drilling, hammering, even opening 
with a key. So... connect @ capacitor and an old ringer 
in series across the alarm pair and then cut the wires 
carefully without shorting them together as you would if 
you cut them both at the same time with metal cutters. 
Cut them between your extra ringer and the pay phone. 
THEN SPLIT! The alarm may have gone off anyway; 
these phone company people are not to be trusted. Wait 
a long time, and if you do not see the phone truck with 
the twin .50 cal. Browning guns on it, then you can pro- 
ceed as in Open Sesamee (April 1976) 
As for a better way of opening pay phones, I recom- 
mend a key. A simple inserting and turning action is all 
that is required. /Apparently Canadian phones use pin 
tumbler locks, unlike Western Electric which uses lever 
tumbler locks. TAP #307 When somebody opens the first 
phone in your area, make sure they note which hole they 
get each pin in the lock out of. It is easy to make a key. 
Some use tubular keys and these can be difficult to make. 
Find an old key to a Coke machine and reshape the end 
to fit your lock. Add metal to the key by putting on blobs 
of brazing rod and then file it down to size. You will 
then have a key that fits all the phones in your neighbor- 
hood. Ihave heard that in high crime areas the phones 
are individually keyed. /They are in the U.S, The entire 
country is a "high crime area"7 You can tell whether or 
not they are keyed to fit your key by looking at the little 
number on the lock which tells the telephone man, and 
you, which key to use. 
I would like to get in touch with some people interested 
in these things. However, this is a straight sort of town. 
To reach me, call The News of the North 1-403-873-4088 
and take out one of their free classified ads. Have the ad 
say Something like "Kilgore Trout or anyone knowing his 
whereabouts, call home" and include your number. 
Yours truly, 
Kilgore Trout 
HO - HUM, WHO'S APATHETIC? (yawn) 
Asking TAP readers to send money to anyone is probably 
even more futile than asking them to make inquiries which 
cost just a postcard, Only about 1 (ONE PERCENT) of 
our readers have bothered to inquire about various offers 
and activities mentioned in TAP, Fat chance you'll send 
money to NORMLI So it serves you right if you get busted 
for grass, you lazy, cheap bastards! Remember, a lawyer 
costs a LOT more than the $15 NORML is requesting. 
is needed 
once and for all. 
2317 
M STREET. NW. WASHINGTON, 
DC. 
Join NORML. Mone’ 
to finish the 
NORDL 
ODDS & ENDS by Tom Edison 
‘The economic chrunch has got us all by the balls and it hurts! 
In the past we were just managing to stay in the black (Box?) 
but with the recent increases in the cost of printing, office rent, 
postage, and the very recent outlay of cash for the TAP T-shirts 
we're slowly moving towards the red (Box!), And since it's 
very unlikely that the Big Brother Establishment is going to 
offer us a subsidy, there are just 2 alternatives left. We 
could raise the price of a subscription which sucks as far 
as you're concerned, I know! Or we could get more people to 
sub to TAP, That's where you come in, We need you to help 
spread the word and get us some new subs to TAP. Since I 
joined the TAP staff on July 5, 1975, I've watched as 90% of 
our readers sat on their fat asses and profited from the ideas 
of the other contributing 10% ! Now is the time for all you 
silent do nothings to make some noise! Get out there and get 
all your hip friends to sub to TAP! Tell them you're not going 
to let them read your copy anymore! If they want to be "Hip 
To Yip" they'll have to sub for themselves! And if your friends 
are all cheap bastards just remind them that if they only use 
1/16 of the ideas presented in TAP, that alone will save them 
more than the cost of a subscription! 
Ifa sufficient number 
of new subscriptions are not forthcoming, 
we will be forced to increase our sub rates! Help us fight the 
wolf at our door! As an added incentive, any TAP reader who 
brings us 5 new subscribers will be offered the choice of 
either a free TAP T-shirt or a one year extension of his own 
subscription, 
When ordering your TAP T-shirt PLEASE specify size: 
S-34-36, M-38-40, L-42-44, XL-46-48, Cost: $4, 
I've had a request from a San Clemente reader who wishes 
to remain anonymous (I wonder why?) to show the various 
techniques for tape recording phone conversations. There are 
4 basic methods: capacitor, transformer, inductor, and direct. 
In the capacitor method two 1 MFD 100 wvde capacitors are 
connected to the Ring & Tip phone lines. ( See Fig. 1) Non- 
polarized capacitors are best to use but if you are forced to 
use polarized capacitors be sure to observe polarity. These 
capacitors will block out the DC line voltage but will pass the 
audio signals, The capacitors should be connected with a 
shielded cable to the mike input of your tape recorder. 
Capacitors larger than 1 MED will give slightly larger volume 
while capacitors smaller than 1 MFD will give slightly less 
volume. +0 RING 
SC 
|___» 
TAPE 
To 
RECORDER 
FONE 
INPUT 
— 
ARC 
TIP 
Fig. 1 
The transformer method uses either an audio output trans- 
former or a 6-12 volt filament transformer. The low voltage 
or secondary winding of the transformer is connected directly 
into one side of your phone line. ( See Fig. 2) Because this 
winding consists of only a few turns of wire, it has practically 
no DC resistance and will not either load down your phone 
line, which is real important to us home experimenters who 
have too many "goodies" on their line, or be detected by Pa 
Bell. You also get the advantage of not only electrical isolation 
from the phone line but because of the way the transformer 
is connected you get a step up in audio signal voltage,
+O RING 
> 
To 
FONE 
-~-o7e. 
. 
To 
TAPE 
RECORDER 
Fig. 2 
Both the capacitor and transformer methods have a serious 
disadvantage however. The audio voltage level of your voice 
is much larger than that of your friend at the other end of the 
phone line, This results from the fact that you've probably 
got a hell of a lot bigger mouth than your friend and also 
from the fact that your voice current generated locally is 
much larger than that of your friend's generated down the 
other end of the phone line! 
The inductor method solves this problem by picking up the 
audio signal voltage from your phone's earpiece. Because of 
the sidetone network and varistor circuits which help to reduce 
the large locally generated audio signal, the phone earpiece 
is fairly balanced for both ends of the conversation, The 
inductive pick up is slipped on over the earpiece. It is nothing 
more than a coil of wire that picks up audio voltage. The out- 
put wire is plugged into the mike input of your tape recorder, 
‘The disadvantage of this method is two fold: good inductive 
pick ups are expensive and because the pick up coil is located 
a distance from the electromagnet in the earpiece, the available 
audio output voltage is low. 
The direct method solves all of these problems and is by far 
the best method to use. It gives a balanced audio level and 
maximum voltage output due to the direct connection, The 2 
terminals on the phone earpiece are excellent places to tape 
record from using a shielded cable. If you do not want to have 
wires attached to your phone earpiece, you may use terminals 
R & § on the network box. These two terminals are the ones 
that go to the phone earpiece, Since Pa Bell will not let you 
tape record directly from your phone, let me warn you not 
to use this method which produces excellent tape recordings 
of conversations! 
I've received several recent requests for any information 
on the Silver Box, All available info is very limited but we 
do know from our usually unreliable sources that it's a device 
that costs $1, 200 and lets anyone with a knowledge of 2 dialing 
code to listen in on calls. The code consists of a 7 digit number 
that activates the box and a 2 digit number that allows the 
listener to select the line that he wants to monitor. Pa Bell 
claims that they use it only to monitor calls made to its own 
business offices to maintain high quality service. (It always 
intrigues me that Bell feels that they must spy on their own 
employees to maintain "service"!) And if you believe that 
Bell is only snooping on its own employees, then I've got 
some choice swamp land in New Jersey for you! Bell also 
claims that the Silver Box system is secure because only a 
few SnOOps ........ er Bell supervisors have access to the 
codes and they are changed periodically ( the codes or the 
supervisors?) In any event, we have learned that these codes 
ARE available to non-Bell personal if the price is right! If 
any of our readers have additional information on the Silver 
Box and its codes, I would appreciate hearing from you, for 
purely scientific reasons, of course. 
In response to my request for information on the ways that 
operators are checking on Red Box users I received the 
following letter-from Chicago, ILL: 
Dear Tom Edison 
Regurding red box users having difficulty with 
operators placing their calls (TaP 35). I personal— 
ly solved that problem myself 2 years ago here by 
putting in .10¢ first and then "beeping" in the 
rest. However a recent experience should be passed 
on to your red box readers who have fallen into 
complacency about peronal security. 
Recently I red boxed a friend in a distant 
state. The operator put the call through alright, 
but after 1 hung up, the chief operator immediately 
called my friend wanting to know who had just cal- 
led him. In other words, an operator (knowing your 
using a red box) will put your call through, and 
then call the purty with whom you just talked, try- 
ing to get them to identify you. instant entrap- 
ment. Moral: Talk only with instant amnesiacs. 
“a 
different experience in southern Indiana 
was even more frightening. After I boxed in some 
money, the operator said that, "ss. it didn't re— 
gister.", so she requested that I redeposit the 
money again but to do it very slowely, at her com- 
mand. In other words, she wanted me to deposit a 
quarter, so the circuit is closed, then she woul” 
immediately deposit the quarter into the hopper, 
circuit is open again, request another quarter, 
circuit is closed again, deposit the quarter into 
the hopper, etc. Of course I split. Collecting 
money this way is very time consuming for the phone 
co-, but of course it prevents red boxing. any sol— 
utions to this? 
i 
You forgot to mention in your article that if 
one talks over the initial 3 minute period and the 
operator comes on for yonr overtime charges, be 
sure to put in a slug or dime that registors first, 
otherwise the relay 1s open again and you might 
have to answer some embarrassing questions. 
8c, 
My reading recommendation for this month is EDEN 
UNDERGROUND NEWS SERVICE, P,Q, Box 8410, 
16881 EVERGREEN CIRCLE, FOUNTAIN VALLEY, CA, 
92708. Eden Press Service is published bi-weekly and they 
feel that "all the news that's fit to print" makes for a very 
dull newspaper so all items that they print will never be 
found in the New York Times! If you need a new set of ID 
they have the new 1976 Revised Edition of "The Paper Trip" 
plus another book on getting new credit, All articles are very 
thought provoking and interesting. All I can say is that if you 
dig what we say in TAP, you'll dig what they say in Eden 
Underground Newspaper Service. Subscriptions are $15 for 
lyear, $18 for 2 years, $25 for 3 years, and $10 for a charter 
one year subscription. Enjoy! 
This month's column is dedicated to the Litchfield Larcenists, 
Sam and Charles, with a special thanks to Sam who helped us 
lay out this issue. 
Dear TAP, 
The phone company wants to make us happy! They say 
they will give credit if you get a bad connection or wrong 
number. I called ----- for 15 minutes, then hung up, 
called the operator, and said that we had tried for a few 
minutes to have @ conversation but that the phone kept 
getting fuzzy, and that finally we couldn't hear each other. 
I sounded very irritated and asked her not to have me 
charged for the call, that I refused to pay for such service, 
and would she put the call thru herself, She said yes, took 
my number, and put the call thru. We had finished our 
conversation, so we just talked again for less than one 
minute and hung up, I don't think they will credit the first 
call unless you have it reconnected, 
A friend called Alaska legitimately, then when he talked 
longer than he expected, said good bye, left the phone off 
the hook, and left it like that for three days. He refused to 
pay for 2 three day call, said it was a 2 minute call and 
some failure on their part, 
NI 
It would be necessary for both parties to leave their 
phones off the hook. Otherwise, there is a 90% probability 
of an automatic disconnect 30 seconds after the called 
party hangs up.
BELL’S BOXIN’ US IN! 
by Tom Edison 
Enjoy your Black & Blue Boxes while you can because in 
the next few years (and even sooner if you live in certain 
areas!) they're all going to be obsolete! On May 15, 1976 
Pa Bell put its new C,C.1.S, system into operation between 
Chicago, Ill. and Madison, Wisc. This Common Channel 
Interoffice Signaling system uses high speed data pulses 
instead of the usual audio MF tones and since the audio 
talking circuits are not connected until the called phone has 
answered, you cannot Black Box the call! Previously, all 
information such as MF tones, 2, 600 Hz, ring back, busy 
signal, etc. was done over the audio Ring & Tip phone lines. 
With C,C, 1,8, all of this information is converted into high 
speed data pulses and is multiplexed onto one common data 
channel leaving the audio lines free to be used for other calls, 
Long distance calls will now be processed in 2 seconds as 
compared to the 10 seconds it now takes. 
This new system will take 10 years to complete nation- 
wide and will cost US $250 million. Cities that will have 
C.C.LS, systems this year besides Chicago and Madison 
are Kansas City, Dallas, Jacksonville, and Waukesha, Wisc. 
By the end of 1977, there will be 37 other cities with C.C.1.S, 
Pa Bell is using its new ESS #4 and a modified version of its 
#4-A Crossbar in their C,C.1.S, Central Offices, By the end 
of 1977, about 30 of the nation's 181 #4-A Crossbar exchanges. 
will be C,C. 1.8, and by the end of 1978, about 21 ESS #4 
exchanges will be in operation, 
But before you all reach for the crying towel, just remember 
that a phone is simply an electronic device and like any other 
electronic device IT CAN BE DEFEATED!!! The needed 
technology may get very sophisticated but it's a challenge 
that the united fone freaks-will meet and eventually beat! The 
Box of the future will no doubt be a cross between 2 small 
computer and a data switching center. Remember, old Boxers 
never die, they just build another color Box! And the Red Box 
will still be around too! 
We don 't know when we'll get more copies so please don't 
order itt 
MA BELL 
GETS JOLLIES 
(ZNS) A telephone opera- 
tor has testified that many 
phone company employees 
are commonly entertained 
by having the intimate sex 
conversations of telephone 
customers 
broadcast by 
loudspeakers 
throughout 
the offices. 
Christina Huggins, a phone 
operator in 
Mill’ Valley, 
California, told the Public 
Utilities 
“Commission — in 
37 
California that “plant men 
would go through the cir- 
cuitry” looking for private 
phone conversations dealing 
with sex. Huggins said that 
the more interesting per- 
sonal calls were then played 
aloud, purely for amuse- 
ment. 
The phone company, in 
response, says that such 
practices “are against com- 
any policy.” 
Eden Underground 
News Service 
PEN PALS WANTED 
It should come as no surprise that some of our readers 
are in the pen, Here's part of one letter: 
"Finished reading Big Brother Game and am disturbed 
by the diagrams. He left out connections and parts. I 
would be glad to help anyone trying to construct these - 
for instance, I have a page of instructions for the con- 
struction of a drop-in transmitter. Many of his circuits 
came from Sams publications and Popular Electronics. 
The infinity transmitter will not work as shown, He left 
out 5 (count them) connections to the Signetics Phase 
Locked loop in the IC infinity and also on the AF Amp IC. 
I really would get off on writing to some phreaks - if you 
know of anyone that shares my interest. Hip them to the 
fact that I'm in here - but they can say virtually anything 
they want. " 
Don Harbolt 
Box 1000 (30682) 
Leavenworth, KS 66048 
As you can see, Don's very knowledgeable (No cracks 
from you smartasses about "then what's he doing there? ") 
He's a veteran of the Mexican air freight industry, import- 
ing our favorite flower. If you need any tech info, we'd 
appreciate it if you'd write to him, instead of, or in add- 
ition to, us, He has a lot more spare time than we do. 
Write legibly! But don't include a self addressed stamped 
envelope (stamps are contraband) and anyway, the Dept. 
of Justice (sic) pays his postage. 
IP 
Back Issues are 50¢ each, 40¢ each if you order 30 or 
more. See previous issues for list of feature articles. 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $6, 
Canada & Mexico stapled $6 Foreign $7. 
IMPORTANT! Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
when writing to TAP about your subscription. 
Book - Monopoly $1.20 
Courses - 50¢ each A - Basic Electricity B- A.C. 
C - Basic Phone Operation D - Amplifiers 
Send only check or money order (NO CASH) to 
TAP, 152 W 42 Street, Room 418, New York 10036 
This is a mail drop only. 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York 1000: 
Hours: Wednesday, 4- 7pm. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to 
TAP,152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
BULK RATE 
U. S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit Ne, 209 
Great Neck, N.Y.