Y ene,Yo AREVISED15 gut No.2INTER NA iONTY L IN ALIPE,‘Blue Box’ Is Linked to Phone Call FraudBy ROY BR. SILVERBreda!Pm TheNew York TiaeesMINEOLA, L. I, May 5—-Armed with a court order,detectives of the prosecu-tor’sracketsomen and tele-phone onne]parched the ho ‘at 26Henhawk Road last night.They sald they found a smallbox measuring 5 by 6 by 314‘inches attached to a tcele-phone {nm the youth's roomThe prosecutor did not savwho had made the box. Thetelephone company said sim-ilar deviceg had been usedelsewhere In the country, be-The telephone company pbe-e-~e suspicious when oconkr cards showi thea wnt of time used for in-formation calls indicated thatsome calls were taking muchmore than the usual one toutes:PSgy g0022700 + 11000O + 1100£2400 + 1300tee 00 + 13002-7 100 + 1300ehh + 1500=900 + 15009=1100 + 15000=1300 + 1500KF®1100+1700ST=1500+1'700Disconnect=2600FIG,|—in]fTO ,FIG. 2 INTIMR.+ AUX.SPEAKERJACK
oy Al BellAfter interviewing engineering students around the country,I found that the blue box makes tones that are similar to, butnot exactly like a pushbutton phone. Since operators use thesame device for putting operator-assistance calls through, thetones were published in the Bell System Technical Journal, 1960Large libraries and engineering schools have the Journal. Likea pushbutton phone, two frequencies make up each tone. One ofthe "boxers" who, was not caught said, "Those people who werecaught probably called information, lbieeped! out the operator,and redirected the call with the box, by pressing the buttonsof the desired number, £ naven'tt been caught *“ecause.. call froa pay phone, and I never stay on more than 15 minutes, Most im-prtantly, I never use information. I use the Sheraton HotelsWatts Line number, 800-325-3535, Right bcfore they answer, Ibleep them out ",But the blue “pox isn't necewill work fine.pair of tonesdigit, ¢- srary. A cassette tape machineTwo signal generators are needed to record thefor each dicit, start, and stop. Record eachyou will have 2 master tape from which to make actualphone nunber sequences on other machines, One signal generatorwill work if you make the master on a stereo tape, and play thetwo channels hack together as you record them on the other tapeFor this to work, several rules must be followed:“Record direct, without microphones, es in Fig. 1.-~Record as loud as possible without distortion. Watch yourrecord meter when naking tapes.“Only use fresh batteries, and don't wear them out,-A better speaker for playing the tones into phones is a stand-ard telephone earpiece. Where you steal one is your problen,(its so easy) but plug it into the ext. speaker jack as in Fig.-Each tone lasts one second, with one second between each tone.However, wait 3 seconds after "bleeping" disconnect tone. Thenplay KP, area code, number, and ST, in that order.-Hold your little makeshift speaker close to mouthpiece withoutmoving while playing tones,“Your electronics friends and young engineers can help you geta signal generator or two to use, and they'll help you recordthe tones properly.-The two frequencies of each tone must last the entire one sec~ond, and they must start and stop simultaneously.CAUTION: YIPL does not. advocate making free calls. However, YIPIdocsn't believe in paying for calls, either, If caught, you mayhe charzed with fraud and theft of services, So consider care-fully whether you need to call long distance, and if you do,,consider whether or not you believe in free speech.

By RUSSELL BAKERDear Aobw (Hoffman, that is):In reading your latest work, “StealThis Book,” 1 bad fust gotten to thedirectrons for cheaung the telephonecompany when, following your com-mand, somebody stote the bookI addrt finish the telephone sectionand—careless nret—didn't even thinkto wake notes. I do not even rememberwhat size washers you recommendedfor dropping i:ato pay Ieclephone counslots Lo simulate the rea} thing. Whattroubles me is something more funda-mental 1 wonder if you Aave reallythough( out the implications of thegrand philosephical idea of destroyiagthe telephone company, which uader-Les your discussion of techniques.1} pugrest to you that I} i simplymot sound, that Gescroying the tele-phone company would,in fact, be asevere biow to every member of Lhecounter-culture.In thefirst place,you must havenouced, if you Rave been in Engiand.,France, lialy or Bulgaria, that it jsextremely irustrating trying to getalong in @ country with no telephonesystem. The Enghsh will put upwiththat, the French and Staliaas will putwp with K. and the Bulganans willhave to pul up with it, but you knowas wri) as I do, Abdur, that an Ameri-Can, particularly if he is in the counier-culture, peecs a telcphome the waya moakevy need; a banana.
Dear folks,I read your letter that waspassed around on May Day,start sending me more, I'minterested in fucking the fuckingphone company. J'm mad.i¥ell anyway,I've enclosed a cheque of 3 dollars;please find and send those littlesheets as soon as possible.you kindly. up the revo, K.0. ,River-dale, Hd.Enclosed is $1,
folk, Va.My friend, there is no sure way ofdetecting a tan. I view the telennoneas a hot line to the pork factory. ASfar as plans, one cuy dic supply thenuntil he got busted,this issue, consult a friand on dowersupplies(regulated) and oscillators,
Could you tell me theSigns of a wire tap(hollowneas &clicks?).Also,do you have thefor a device that allows you to malelong distance calls free? K.F. ,Nore
The Dumbest Rip-OffOBSERVERTo the American counter-crlturis!,a telephoneon the hand isasmuch a2part of his Qniformasdenim,driedlentils apd a coiffure from Michel-angelo's Moses.If we destroy the tetephone com-pany. who will be the first people topicker the Pentagon to demand 2 newtelephone company? The members ofthe cournter-culture: provided, ofcourse, they can jearn to Comumunicate‘with each otherwithout wires. A newtelephope Company wil] inevitably riseto take the place of the old evil tele-phone company.There @ uo reason whatever toassume thet the new (telephone corm-pany wil) be Uke thecompany. There ls every rezson, onthe contrary, to believe that it walprofig from its predecessors fatalerrors and do things differently.For example: Remember lsst sum-Mer whtn members of the counter-culture were telephoning each otheracross Ube conunent and charging thecalls to Paul Newman's credit-cardnumber? Somehody — was it you,Abbie? — hsd said that Paul Newmanwas so ang-y with the telephonecompany Liat he had invited everv-body in America fo telephone acrossthe continent, ysing his credit-card
Pleasevery
Thank
“hile I was in D,C.up some info ontem. I'm reallyI know how truein the computerI'm sending $1
number, 90 that when be received thebil ne could show nif initauion withthe texephone compasy by refusing topay it.Well, counter-culluists galorephoned long distance. and Lhe tele-phone company did not become angry.Not at al}. It quietly Graced earch callback to the telephone of origin, oftenrousing some parent from hus parentalstupor.“Those long-distance calls madefrom your telephone, apparently byyour chikd,” said the patient mechani-cal voices, “represent fraudwient seof a credit-card number belonging tothe University cf Ulnais and sot, asthe guilible beleved, to Pau]Newman.”“Fraudujent——?”“The crime is punishable by im-prisonment of up to five years and—”Well, where breathes there a parentso vile that he wouldsend bus bertoLeavenworth rather than pay «apiffling$300 to the Lelephome cornpany?The present telephone compeny fslake that It does noe come knockingat the door with e« [runcheon andarrest warrant lo haul away membersof the coumter-tuiture. It knows thatmoney is most easily collected frompeople who are soft between tre ears.“Whether your child ‘serves fiveyears in Leavenworth is entirely upto vou, as a parert, Your telepnonecompany, sir, does not make threats.”The next telepnone company 15 not
this all
ikely to he 50 induigent if it has seenthe present one ‘ollapse deCcause ILSb collection y was soft-hearted. The ne elephone «panywil almost sarely put members of thecountcr-culture en trial in Cheapo forfraud, possibly before Judge JuliusHoffman.Can you really believe that the newtelephone compary would cortinuethe present one’s practice of saying“Sure” when somebcidy dials theoperator in Boson and rays, "I wantto make $800 worth of long-distancecalls to the West Coast and have itall charged to daddy's telephone inWest Orange, N. J.°?My bet. Abbie, i that they're goingto say, “After seeing how the oldtelephone company went broke becauseof a bunch of cheating kids. we make2 @ policy to call daddy first and askLf your calls are okay with him.”Is uhat the kind of ielephone com-pany that counter-culture really wants?A telephone company that bringsdaddy into the Sysiem before the callsare made, instead of presenting himwith an $800 faz accompli thirty dayslater?The present telephone company isthe best of ajl possible telephonecompanies for the counter-uolture.Destroxing um Wou:d play mght intothe hands of Mem and Dad Thinkancut Ko next before ° "eachfur one of thon aashers.
for itaydayv, I pic xedRow to fuck the Bell sys-interestedisroom of the phone company.S60 that J can receive yournewsletters. And if there is anything Ican do for Y.I,P. just let me «nov. And ifthere®s any way of fuckins up the rovt. iany other way, let me ‘know, Jie, ba.
in this becausebecause [. wort
17hRichard i, Wixor-r£l Presidenteplans202 456-1444spiro T. Agnew-5i Toro202 265-2000 =xt. 6400John IW. itchell-Ool Butcher202 965=2900i.elvin 2.201 652-4449
Using info in
Laird- cl DefendoHenry A. iissinger-l1 =xicente202 357-0042william P. sogers-<i Crapper301 654-7125Seneral carl G. Jneeler=2l Joint “osso703 527-6119Call collect, fron a pay pnone, people.

Dear Russel (Baker that is):I just read your letter and was surprised you even sawSteal This Book since no major newspaper, including that wellkKnNOwN spokesman for free speech, the New York Times, willaccept an ad for the book. None-the-less, the boys down atATET must be happy to know they have a friend at the Times.It's true even us yippies don't wish to natch our coast-to-coast conspiracies using dixie cups with waxed string stretchedbetween tnem. But if our efforts to sabotage the phone companyby teaching people how to make calls free are the ‘dumbest ripofr’ then AT&T itself must be engaged in the smartest rip off.Last year their revenues amounted to about 17 billion dollars,give or take a few dimes. They made a 7.6% rate of return ontheir bread, which in a recession is pretty damn good. To saythey function as a@ cut throat monopoly would be understatingthe case. I refer you to the excellent book called “Monopoly”by Joseph C. Goulden ($.95 Pocket Booka) for a devastatingaccount of the world's largest corporation, Witness their centralrole in the military-industrial canplex! Laugh off their defianceof citizens and governmental attempts to hold down phone rates!Smile courteously when waiting three hours to complete your nextlong-distance call! Nod like a robot the next time they explain.how they are controlled by their shareholders and customers! Todefend their efficiency only leads me to believe you never usethe phone. It's a bit unfair to compare the system here to Bul-garia or Greece or even an underdeveloped nation such as England.AT&T's current assets are estimated at 50 billion dollars, whichis not exactly pocket change for most countries in the world. Evenso, the systems of Sweden and Denmark seem to function better,especially with the speed in which they phase out obsolete equipt-ment. I should also point out that Cuba has an entirely freephone system; and that, Russell, is the point of the whole monkeybusiness of Steal This Book in general. Yippies think you judgethe goodnessof natfons by their goals, As the level of the tech-nological development increases, the costs should decrease withthe goal being to make everything produced in a society free to@€ll:the people, come who may. Neat, huh? Until AT&T and theother corporations really become public services rather than powerand profit gobblers, we'll continue to rip them off every chancewe get. If you wand to discuss this further, call me up sometime,Because of all the agencies claiming to have me under surveillance,it's one of the fastest ways to speak directly to your goverment,
STRIKE THE 29~ &Your voice with a smile,Abbie Hoffman
War "

Assignment: Monitor the telephone in the suite of Senator Eugene McCarthy atthe 1968 Democratic Convention. Agents reported that NcCarthy had made a ° )phone call to a’’known leftist organization" offering medical help to wounded ~demonstrators. -Life Magazine study of Army "Intelligence"In addition to manufacturing Princess telephones, ‘iestern Tlectric makes cui-ded missiles and is a prominent member of the military- industrial complexwhich so frightened President Eisenhower that he warned against its "acqui-sition of unwarranted influence" in his farewell address. An examination ofWestern Electric's defense work shows that the President had ample reason foralarm. Through adept use of a technique called profit pyramiding in the de=fense industry, Western Electric ran up profits of 31.3 percent on its majormissile contracts, while helping the Pentagon accumulate military junk thatwas never used. Monopoly, vy Joseph C. GouldenEditors Note: We intend to show, through statements such as the above two,how the Bell System has become anti-human to its customers, employees, andjust about everyone else. However, it should be noted that these statementsare taken out of context, and do not do justice to the case. The whole story48 a lot scarier that just a “profit=-gobbler". Its a question of accumulationof power and securing that power. You know, great that people are being mon-itored, but shit, people are being slaughtered. All in the name of money. Andsince we give them the money, we are at fault. Stop paying and start yelling.See ya next month, phreeks.Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.BOB“ Uby& Coming soon=Special PAY PHONE issue.ei , A year of issues is $4. Who cares?= r TAP, Room 418, 15e W. eof,%,4LOVE IT Ir YtH a oeun tn -ag bk~n Cya. ‘dg%y 8 § S TO;T4 °> .2 yo xgnow | LU
aaHOTaMOVWS °2N