W 
| IP IL 
CIRCULATION: 400 
CCTOSER 
DO NOT READ THISIY 
191° 
Oops! We must correct an error in issue 
no. 2. The Start and Stop tones were 
VOLUME 5 s 
J 
a 
incorrectly identified. The following 
are the correct tones, guaranteed to 
work perfectly. Please, if you save 
back issues, or pass them out, change 
the info on them right now. 
° 
_ REMENMGER THE BLUE Box: 
1 
700. 900 
We have received, in response to the blue box story, 
2 
700 1100 
requests from many people for schematics. We have 
3 
900 1100 
no such schematics, and would not publish them if we 
4 
700 1300 
. 
did, for.that would be unlawful activity. 
5 
900 1300 
The following is a reader-supplied schematic for 
6 
1100 1300 
well-known phase shift oscillator. This transistor 
7 
700 1500 
oscillator can be operated from a 9-volt battery, but 
8 
900 1500 
its output is not sufficient to feed a speaker. Next 
9 
1100 1500 
month we will show a mixing and boosting circuit for 
0 
1300 1500 
amplification through a speaker. This circuit is useful 
Start 
1100 1700 
in the 500-5000 cycle range and as such makes an easy- 
Stop 
1500 1700 
to-build, low-cost, toy organ. 
Disconnect 
2600 
? oscillators required. 
HEP-54 
TRANSISTOR 
%* All resistors ave 
soy. wattage . 
* Capacrtovs ey. 
should be high-que Iity 
silveved-mica} ove, 
‘ 
Yisc 
¢e ave fen 
—
LETTERS 
They've been fucking us over good. We 
owed them a hunk-a-money and after end- 
less arguments with their machine ladies 
(strangely loyal for low down clerks) we 
agreed to mail them the money. They 
screamed back- No,we want you to bring 
it down in person tomorrow! What fuckers! 
This country's gotten too dependent on 
them. Send all the anti-phone shit you 
got. 
E.1I.,Wash.,D.C. 
Questions: 
1-How can I get around paying a $50 
installation deposit? 
2-How can an extra line be installed? 
3-Is it easy to get electrocuted if 
you have a phone in the bathtub and it 
falls in? 
4-Credit card #'s of environment-destroy- 
ing companies(oil, chemical). 
You can only get a free extra line if 
you know someone in your local exchange 
who can pull it off. If you're daring, 
extend your neighbor's wires from where 
they connect into his house. If you are 
living in a college dorm or apt., ask a 
friend if you can use his/her line, & 
run a 2-conductor wire to your conference 
switch(issue no. 1). If you don't have 
any friends where you live, and you need 
an extra outgoing line, the junction 
box is a good access point to other lines. 
Usually, the lines all connect from out- 
side to the individual rooms in this 
box or mini-closet. The lines connect 
via 4-conductor cable, 2 conductors of 
which are used. The remaining two are 
cut off or wrapped around the cable in 
the box, and are present in the wall 
box in your room. Connect your spare 
pair to some straight's line, and in 
your room connect to a conference 
switch. When he goes to sleep at Il 
on the dot, you're free to call out 
on his number. Don't leave the box 
connected up that way all the time or 
someone might spot it on a check. 
We doubt a phone can electrocute you 
in a bathtub, but since they're not al- 
lowed to install a movable phone in a 
bathroom, take a tip and mount your 
phone somehow. 
When some readers send us a few tested 
numbers, we'll print them. And if any- 
one knows how to get away without paying 
the deposit, write us. 
t+ 
AM SWERS 
++sIf you're well off, Surplus Center, Lincoln, 
Nebraska 68501 has phones, test sets(good for 
tapping) ,switchboards. Write for catalogs. 
I got my phone free. 
Phones for sale at Radio 
shack, Lafayette, Allied Radio, etc., aren't 
Western Electric or new looking, but they're OK. 
Next time you see a phone man talk awhile, then 
ask if you can set up an intercom with a phone 
that he'll "lose" from his truck. 
I got free a 
new decorator color phone. Most don't mind. 
-A reader 
: 
YIPL TIP- Go into a big pig hotel sometime if 
you need a phone. They have them in lobbies for 
calling within the building. If they're in a bad 
location, go up a few flights. They probably'11 
have them in the hall near the elevator. Bring 
a knife or scissors, and a shopping bag. 
Although there are some cool phone repairmen 
around, many are to be feared. 
If you have a 
repair or installation visit, don't leave dope, 
non-Bell phones, or subversive literature just 
lying around, or he may report you to his super- 
visor for suspicion. That may result in a bust, 
through cooperation with the local precinct, or 
a tap on your line. This isn't paranoia, it's 
fucking good sense. 
Brothers and Sisters, 
Need your help on a special project for our 
news collective here in Houston...I am planning 
a documentary special on phone phreaking and 
related subjects and need as much info as is 
possible...Could you please send me what info 
you have and possibly the adresses of other 
Phone phreaks, and can you relay my intentions 
into the phone phreak network and if they can 
help me they can call me here at Pacifica 713- 
224-4000, no collect calls please I'm poor as 
hell. But if they can call via phone phreaking 
network so I can tape interviews, demonstrations, 
and other such shit I would be eternally grate- 
ful....POWER! Scoop Sweeney,Arch fiend,pervert, 
degenerate, and sometimes newsman. KPFT,618 
Prairie, Houston, Texas 77002 
Church Withholds Phone Tax 
The congregation of Hollis Unitarian Church escalated 
its protest against American war policies yesterday by 
not paying the federal excise tax portion of the church's 
monthly telephone bill. 
“The war, and only the war, makes this tax Necessary,” 
said the chureh's minister, the Rev. F. Allen Wells Jr. 
“It has become, more than any other tax, symbolic of the 
war." 
WAR TAX RESISTANCE 
339 Lafayette Street 
New York 10012
CAROLINA PLAIN DEALER RIPOFF 
TICK CREEK, NC (CMC)- American Telephone and Telegraph, one of the largest war contractors 
and oppressor of millions of employees is trying its hand at censorship of the underground 
press. Three staffers and one hawker of the CAROLINA PLAIN DEALER have been charged with 
“providing information for the theft of telecommunication service," a 6 month and/or $500 
misdemeanor. The February PLAIN DEALER contained the commonly known information of how 
the telephone credit card system works. The bust is an attempt to intimidate the free 
Press and possibly to regain some of AT&T's billions lost on fake credit card calls. But 
they have lost even more by this attempted ripoff of the DEALER staff. They hired two 
full-time special security investigators who spent two months traveling around the Caro- 
linas tracking us dow. They followed and harrased hundreds of highschool and university 
students during their investigations. They have subpoened two witnesses: a young HS woman, 
and .a college student caught making credit card calls. 
Schools cooperated fully with the 
private pigs. People were dragged out of classes and questioned by the principal and the 
telephone pigs. 
The first attempt at a "trial" was postponed by the state because they have not been able 
to locate our printer. Thirty beautiful people from all over the Carolinas ignored the boring 
trial proceedings and picniced in the courthouse hall, sang and danced before the astonished 
pigs. 
The next trial date has not been set. We are gathering information to prove that some of 
their evidence is based on an illegal phonetap. 
It took the state and local pigs three months to fina us all. One of us spent three weeks 
in a woodland hideout while the $1000 bond was being secured. 
We live in rural North Carolina. One of the pigs that was visiting us while looking for 
the fugitives said "If you people don't break it up out here we're going to have to arrest 
you for cohabitation, fornication, and adultry." We wanted to tell him none of us were 
married. 
If convicted, the implications are not clear. AT&T may attempt busts of other newspapers 
in other areas. But they lose no matter what they do if we exploit the contradictions. (Now 
they have to prove in court that they have the right to charge for public service). The dis- 
trict telephone manager who signed the warrant is quoted as saying "We definitly see ourselves 
as the establishment." 
cai anywhere ... but dial with care 
HOW NOT TO GET CAUGHT MAKING FAKE CREDIT CARD CALLS 
Bell Telephone, subsidiery of AT&T with 1970 assets of $49.6 Billion, the world's big- 
gest pig corporation, is losing millions monthly on fake credit card calls. They are not 
taking it lightly. Their methods of attempted repression would make the FBI proud. Here's 
how they work it. 
First, the phone company sometimes makes the operator that took a fake credit call at- 
tempt to trace the caller. They tell her/him that they will take the cost of the call out 
of their salary if she doesn't try to find out who made the call. The operator will call 
the number that you placed the call to, attempting to track you down. Obviously only make 
credit card calls to people you trust not to reveal your identity. When an-operator calls 
you inquiring about a credit card call, have a story ready. 
If she (or he) sounds friendly, 
use a story like, "I only know their first name was George and he was calling from Boston, 
operator." If a nasty supervisor bitch calls, be nasty offensive. You don't have to give 
out any information. Usually they want to know whose name the number is listed under. Let 
them find out ‘the hard way. Sometimes they ask if your mother is home. Sometimes they 
guess who called and bill them by examining the past accounts of the person called to see 
who has called previously from the same city as the credit card call was made from. Some- . 
times they bill the number called. Sometimes they put it on the bill as a third party chafge 
or a collect call. REFUSE TO PAY. Keep track of the calls you actually do make and the 
credit card calls you receive (so you can refuse to pay them). 
If the operator gets a lead to who made the credit card call, she turns the name over to, 
the telephone security division. They have special security pigs that can spend their full 
time tracking us down. They will stop at nothing. They stakeout phone booths; don't always 
use the same location to call from. In some states they are allowed to tap your phone if 
there is a case of "defrauding the phone co." And of course they tap phones in all states 
whether they are allowed to or not. Their easist victims are highschool and university
people. They investigate with the cooperation of the school pigs. 
In high schools they 
work with the principal. They call the suspected person into the office and give her/him 
the third degree, promising not to prosecute if they will tell the pigs everyone else mak- 
ing credit card calls. 
Divide and conquor it's called. At universities, the special 
telephone security pigs work in conjunction with the campus cops. They may follow you 
around and attempt to question you. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO TELL THEM’ANYTHING! Refuse to 
talk without your lawyer present. Above all, do not sign anything. They try to get you 
to sign a confession just like in the movies. Don't be intimidated by these junior facists! 
Throw tomatoes at them; 
put sugar.in their gas tanks. All power to the imagination! 
The way we make credit card.calls is as important as knowing the system. Operators take 
many real credit card calls daily and know what the average call sounds like. The average 
caller is Mr. or Mrs. Pig Businessperson. They come on fast and usually have the number 
memorized. It sounds suspicious if you sounds suspicious if you sound like you are reading 
it off, or if you say, "841 dash 7767 dash 167N." The béginning numbers are a phone number 
and should be read as "841 7767" with the last part read as a single unit, 167N. A good 
opener is, "Operator, credit card call. My number is 893 4452 359J. The number I wish to 
call is 777-8787." Don't hesitate, memorize your credit card number, and have all the info 
handy. 
Do not call from your home phone. When making a credit card call, you do not have to 
give the operator the number you are calling from. If she asks, change the last digit or two. 
Operators usually only know the prefix you are calling from. 
She may say hold on, and call 
the number yeu give to see if it's busy. 
So if you call from a pay phone, which you should, 
give her the number of your pay phone, it's cool, 
The July 16 (issue 104) BERKELEY TRIBE has much more "good info on telephone procedures 
in ripoffs! 
BACK ISSUES cost 50 cents each. Think about’ it. 
No. l- Credit card code, installing conference lines and free extensions. 
No. 2-Thé Blue Box Story, dialogue with Abbie Hoffman and Russel Baker on Phones. 
No. 3-The Telecommand, and other shit. 
No. 4-Special Pay phone issue. 
. 
Confucious say; "Those who receive YIPL should have small mouth when on telephone." 
Now that you're done with this issue, please pass it on to a friend, or post visibly. 
Don't eLace Stam 
: 
Heee og (T WON'T 
TAP, ROOM 418 
CE fosTmARKED BY 
Wa WwW. 42 St 
The MACHINE. 
N.Y.) N «¥, 10036 
(om'r Fon cer Your 
; 
VIP cope) 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036