RandomBY PAUL MONTGOMERYFor, those of you wo were ieft hanaina oy my lastcorumn> I wont meer vou waiting any lLonaer. Toaccess COSMOS» you must call wuscomputer diaiuP wnicn Serves your arededialurs in the Southern California area are! (714)549-4941 and 5349-4754, Wren vou call in at 300baud» mit <RETURND ana the computer will] resrong!LOGIN?You must tyme in an account mame (NOTE: Al) userineut 1% Unoerlined. Computer resPronse isCaritoz1zed)» aS cescCriDed 1M My Previous Column.The computer will then loa you inr ano ePrint aM*SSace weicomina you to tne system, If trecommuter asks for 2&2 PASEWOrO, GUESS ite If itGives you aN invalid account messacer keer tryingoifferent accounts. The computer will mom sayWo?. It wants you to tell it what Wire CenterGatabase you want to access, Wire Center codesare two letters lona. You can optain tne W Codefor a Prefix By calling the COSMOS numper§ aivenmen you $1GnmN om. Say you are at tne Frame or tneTest Boara ano the Janitor threw it away Dymistake» or wnat ever. Here 18 what 1t looks likeafter you type it iniWo? AAAAXAA 18 tne Wire Center. X indicates that it isonline, Mow you Get to tyPe In a command, ISana SIR are the oniy ones I will explain today,Tne otner commarios take ur 400 races im tne COSMOSMRK ads Lets Say you wanted to fing out wnat youcouloa on 333-1234. here is wnat it looks like:AAX ISHKH TN 553-1234H means Hunt (Throucn the gatabdase)i TN stands forTrunk MNumaper (Teltemnone Numoer)! 335-1234 is theTNs and the. tells 1t to Print out the anfo. Youcan oive it Cabre/Fair numoers:, or Private Linecircuit numoers insteaa of telerthone numbers DytyPing!H CP 11-4321 or H PL FBI4517u8 |CP means Cable/Pair and Fe means private line.Tne nmumber followine is) the cabple/pair ano theprivate line numoer respectiviy. This is all conefollowing the ISH command.SIR i8 mnmanay when you want to find all of thetelesnone company numvers tnat never leave tneCentral Office. This is called House Cable. Youcan print out all tnese pnone numoers OY tyPina!AAX SIRH SE HOUSE-CABLE (for a variation like HSE-CA> it’sur to the CO)Don’t forset the . (Perioa). Lets say you oaon’tknow your dta@iurs or can’t fiGure out an account.Call your test oboaro, Central Offices LineAssioner, and Frame, All tnese rPeorie nave dialupnumbers ana account/passworgos io COSMOS is in usein your ar@a. Tell tnem you are So and so fromthe COSMOS Data Center ano you've noticed illecalaccess attemets, and ask wno 1s MNaviro theProblem: etc. Then ask for the account andPagEWOrTG 80 yoU Can ao an online cneck to see ifthe comurer is maifunctionina. Make ur a Goadstory. Tnese PeorPle also know tne W codes,If vou manace to cet loaced onto BINe ROOT» orSYS» tyre this: ano it shoulo print out all theaccounts ano encrvyptea Prassworcs on tne snolesystem (Thanks to Ronnie Schnell for this info):X CATA /ETC/PASSWD
ThereTWO ast tell the customerstheirbeing changed.lwere
Ramblings No.2 rene co. sorry:“TAPTAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036 marRcH 1982 \No.73Rip-offs, Screws and Outright SwindlesMa Sells Dimension PRY has omenead # new dimension in PAYphreaking,All one needs in a t-tone fone and a buisness with a dimension P8Y,Call up the PBX at a late hour in the night, and if vou get a dialtone vou are in boisness. The Glial tone is a new feature in theDimension system, called the auto operator. It enahles ewloveeswith a code # to use the PRY to make calls. Because of a fuck uvin the ROM you can dial 1-2-3-h dn repid succesion and hypasathe code #. Then dial 9 and vow are on @ regular line. If thearea is ecoulped for international dialing you can even call over-seas.Another way to call for free is the old linemana trick of linehopyinr. If you have above rround lines rnd éon't want to ropole climbing you can tap houre linea by following the blacklead-in vire from the vole ¢o the hovee, Then ure a pair ofraftey razor blader to cut into the wire as shown in the diarras.Kow clip on your test cet and dialavay. If you have underrround cables| aviead-in cable all you need is a ratchet wrenchor larre chain nose pliers. There| are two types of underground terminalragor boxes ( cans }. O14 and naw, “hrblade old onen ere semi-circular and openedby removing a screw on the fronttop of the can. Now rrasp theconductors top of the can and pull up. Thesenm old models do not have terainalblocks and are full of loose wires. The little white thingscre connectors,and can be tapped throurh the hole in the top.A YOM probe that hac been filed fet works well, The nev oansAre rectanfular and are made to discourare norey peovle, Youmust hove m ratchet trench to be able to remove the sordy, whichir locstead om the lover rirht = hand side. There ie a lip onthe bottom of the can, After removinr the screw, pull rtraightun. The front of the can wil) move up 2", now oull out,and thecover comes off. The terminal block insice is reedy to beclixxed on. There is a SPRINT type of thing at 800-521-A4xx( XX%= 00 to 50 ). It bes an 8 dirit accers code. When you heerthe tone innut your #. If you fuck uo purh * to reset and startover. The kicker is that if you call from «a rotgry fone or payfone you vait 3 seconds and a comouter comes on and ask « forthe #. Juet say the digits and the computer will rerirter then.The been you here after each number you say indicates thrt it haebeen remirtered. tm fun to pisy vith and im»oresses your friends.Some people who thourht Comnuserve (Hicronet) was too expensive’visited a Trash 30 etore end asked to see their Video-text roftrarevhich includes a free hour on Compuserve and borrored the naszvord,After the free hour res up they. ured ‘credit card#® and nanes(that were obtained by finding the carbone of charre sling tocontinue the accounts. It takes 2-3 months for there accountsto be found. Jenren Tools now sell® 3} types of linemarfs testwetp although they are rather expensive. They also sell linetracers ané other interesting stuff such as limman's roach clips(atirator Clips thad bite through insulation ) at 825 for a set,The Stainlese Steal RatUntill next timer Tris is Captain COSMOS sianinaoff> and wisnina you the pest of luck, ComeuterTechnoioscy 18 within our anase (witn a little hele Sexspray reportediy attractswomenfrom TAF!), (If you nave any suestions, _. VANCOUVER, BC. — = — A Canadian company hessuccestions or information» aror m@ @ iine. I pay ~_ a thet &sey<willdo wondersformenfor juicy tid bits for this column,» Just like a mane,reauiar maaazine Ores: you know, 1S watt dob tt tae,Mart cawcolar of crPraffic I: This land ts my land as 4 developed ‘Gertvetivewillmake wernenwantshyOPENS, imyy teed net pede”Mrs.Citfflerd Burger of Unionvitie, lows,says sbe is willing t9 Tl tasty of -che Suiied -obe wa tasea bigkwey fer £5 ot a tax eale s v0 —t. .“E they ever cur lene af the farm I'll give them their is “aermalty Uderieng. A werntn wuerta't kalotighway beck,” she said. Conatyofficials sey the sole should just be she's attracted, just that che wares to wew the manbetter,”velded, but can’t figureeut how te de it since everything waa “y qe mye !Gene -legetiy. Berger said a mes from Misssur!hes offered OTn Cat costs $39.85 (three Sor 908 anf should hhat-tpO30 for her part of the highway. Company Bhyt, .

Boueuadse Firewceka Pt. 2By Tha MagicianSe a--BARASSNSARADfs issae 72, you were instructed ca how tccomatcact m-808, Cherry Scets etc. Ft. 2 cf thizarticle deals with sore advanced ficewcrkConstruction. Toe are remiasded ¢¢ STELATLY follicsall the safety celes qiven ir imenq 72-This article ig {or isfcrmaticaal ferposesonly, and seither TAP cc the author can take aayCesponsibility for any damege or iajery reavitingfrom its «ase.Let am atart bf Qiacussisg a fiteuorksphavoc ite- rockets. The sinrplest type cf rocketis a @lagla match Cechket which is very eaarilyComstrected as follows: Take a paper match from amatch DOOE aBd.jay a cim flet and patallel cm anemide with the point reastiag abcut halfuay ep thehead. Bow take am appox. Y2 by 3 iach fiece cfalesinun foil aed roll it sreard the fis ard matchbead with apptor. 1/8 amch fratrading beycud thewad 'of the head. fcw twiat the 178 iach failbeyond the heed into a Jittla nese ccne. Pauw, withyour fingers form tba antixre alusicom fcil VEsYtightiy acound ehe fis asd swatch, them alide thepia oat leaving a little exbauat ocxzzle. YOrrocket is now comslete. Iu crder to fire it, laythe rocket om a rock at am agerox 75 degqres anglewith the sowe prctradiag is the air. Lighteaother match and hcld it ander the BOse, heatingthe foil. The natch hasad inside will ignite, asdwith amy lack ({uad practice} yonxr cete satchrocket will ge 20 cr erore feet. Da sot bedimcoaraged by yoer ficat feu beiag duds, it doestake # Xaack, and e little bit of wexperiaertation.Bote: thasea cockets are vely safe, jest rake eureyou ape them ocutdcora, and dcs't jlaeach thes intoanything that cas catct fixe 1! Alsc, be ssfe towear goggles aad resiat the terptaticae to use Borethan ome patch head. Osing mcre than On@, will RCTiacrease ithe distamce atall and forms a verydamgeroas coastcussicon seaditive atrloaive whercoafrised.Mure co@plex thes the srratch cocketa, arebeetle rockets. Battle rcchetsa are made agfollows:roll {com heavy paper, cc dey Croom a @istcibutar(wee isaue 72) « paper tute affraz. 1 1/2 ischeslomaq by 3/16 iach inside diapetex. take sconemodeliag clay that hardena and, (usircg a dowel) ana hacd flat wserface push the clay doun to thebottos of the tube forcaing an approx. 2/12 Lachplug. Fow fill the cochet agrprozx. 3/8 full with «wixtere of approx. J8 fasts scotassios nitrate (OTchlorate [), ? pacts sulfexr, % parts charcoaldust, J/2 part alesines dust by weight. (Nate:potasmiug atrate is osed ia flace of ChiorateFecause cocxet feel gistere barges «loser thasexploding mistare, alsc it ia ok to six aslf{srwith potassium nitrate).If you wish the rocket toexplodeat its’ zemita, pat a Jitetle dle cf flagh Footeron top of the cocket fuel. Ncu seal the top with awad of tissee paper digped it qina. Take a thia
Many lar@e retailers redelre seriedic
powder, rinc powdec, pewdeced ircams, ferwdecedcharcoal, powdered sulfuc, and a dcuble pcertiona offotamg ina aitrate. Seal the wide bottom with ab@avy cacd toacd diac, and glue. When lit, thisspectacolar firewcrk will start with & Littleaprey of aparks. aad qradweally grow (depanding cahow larqe you sade it) to an facrediblepyrotechnic shower of saparka going up to 10 feetor sore in the sky. aud caiofog down.A very coapca tirevorks device ia afartlers.They are nade as folicwe: Praegare a pixture cf i(perts potassien nitrate, A parts anlfuxr, 6 facescharcoal dust, 8 sacta iron filings (atrrax. €6mesh}, 1 part alusinep dust (ty weight). Baw addthe mixture to same atellac solatica fceming aowary thick paste that will stick tc the wire. Dipa stiff piece of wire isto the faste, and coatthoroughly. (Expecieace will shew you btw ta gatgeste che right coating). Allcw the spyarkiera todey. b great Basy spactiers carn be sade at oncethis way.At thie poist, I should tell yea that any cftheae show type fireuccks cap ba made to havecolor by adding a little stoetion ritrate for red,barium chlorate for qrees, cr copfer sulfate forblue etc. (DO NOT use a sulfate with a chicrate !gae@ Pe. 1.Dease wilitary type sake berbe cam te sadeby the following sixture in a andacritical lemgthpaper tube either bought ¢r rolled. Daarelatively thin esd Jlocse papec emi caps andsafety fuse taserted. The ssoxe sixtatec «eta,YELLOG: 5 parts fotassiaa oitrate, 2 farta aulfurflour, 3 parts acsenic aulfide, red {verypoisocous ! Bo sot get ca hands J). WAITE: 12parts potamssius oitrate, 16 yerts mulfer flour, fgyart charcoal dust. OLIVE: Saue as white but add «little arsenic aulfide, slack. ,You wow have been exposed to the basica afhomesade firework sakiag. If you are reallydatecested, read as such a@ ccasible (Igaore anybook that cecomsends fcruulas involviag aiaturkesof chiorsatem of perchiarates aud sulfers creulfides. This ia a gqaod isdicetion that theauthor does aot know what be is talking atort (seept. 1.) PLEASE t te cacefel. We dc nat seed O0relected officials tc uae you getting injured as anexample for even stcicter lawe Om firwuorks. Letskeap firevorka a fan, safe traditica.BY Questions, Commeata,m@8 forpalaa etc. Aail toTAP, C/O The SBAGICIANThe Pelvarash TestTaduy: mere than ever: the polyeraph test Ls be=-ing waned te intimidate and investidate the ailad@ea-ly free citizens ef eur cawitrr, Althewsh the sety-acaph test hase Been ruled tee wirelindle fer usa asevidence in court. its use by emolarveri CONntinues.Ceots te @et-er empleovee theft. Theuah sustosediy used toe checkhonmeatys Guaeatians like DO YOU LIKE youR JOBfar elseARE YOU PLANNING TO AUST SOON? are freauentiy site-ped in.Tre firat thing veu sheuld knew ia that the mach-ine deetnt detect lien. Atl i% cen de 1k meanureyeur oleed preasturee respiration rate, and shin cen-ductivity. The examiner watches drushs of these functienes and trias tu duess if yaure lying. Guess 18thea right werd tana.The baat thing te de in Svaeid peliyadraph test ifPeitibnieae. Refuse en the basis of reiidien er ethicalreasons. Teli the emelayer teats are unreliladle(they are?) and use seurces @euoted here te sraeve if,yaa money he saves on pelyarand tents. could be usedfer petter wanes!S$ecend yeu miahkt try te central yaur ahynpicalrespanses. THis Can resuire menths ef trainings butaven @ dent-adive-a-skiteattitude can heip lawer-yeur reactions. The examiner will be serious andtry te get yew Ayned-ur. Yry tes relax and de &5calm av evaeciblar even wlase.Finallve wae same Chemical pide, Tranawilizersa
metal cod with 4 pointe om the end and foka a VERTgseall sozzie sole ds che Clay plug ca the bettos,ead a little imto the mixture. Take ab apprax.3fach piece of thins Chisese satyle farer fusefavailablefrom distridetors) and paah ie up frto the sozzle@O that it reaches a bit dato the foudexr sizsture.Prise the nozzle with a timy bit of flash fouder,and put a drop of dextrine tyre give to bcld thefuse ia. Allow to completely dry thes tate or gleeam approx. § inch Liqadt stick (Balea etc.) to theside imorcder to guida the rcccket in flight. Therocket is taaached frcs pep tottilies acd is qoodfor several hundred feet.whist ie cockxets ase sisilar to bottle rocketsexcept that don't ue a rcrrle, saad use eitherpotassiua picric, cx qallic acid fer fwel. Thecomstrection of ttese cocketsa is difficult, snd [jke Vatium or Litrium muy Be some hale. Alcehalthe cheeicals iavolved are very hazacdoua, sa best er set won't helm and might be agatectad, But dentto bey them pre-built (ubexre availabie). ae in like a xembie. SCIENCE magazines April 3sThe seme goes for targe aky rockets over 1 1983 has an excellent article en veing Millomop.theix fuel ia eany tc sake (variations = CA (menrabamata) in 400 a@ denes te Dest the uld iteboctle rocket fwal) bcvever theic ccostrectica gatector. While veure at the library leak upsech a8 nozzle, Caster bcle fcr fmel buras etc. ESQUIRE. January 1978 fer seme examelas ef therequires special tocla aad is seac impoasivie for werthiagnanass of the whale areceture, Shaw it teon anateer. your BOSS: £0 AG Can see Hew Reed wasting Als mener.,Yolcesce, fosstaisa# etc. ara sade aa follows: If ne dueant adraes all yeu will need is o cee-Fora s heavy cone by Give rolling farexr (ue ple Of Miltewns (mesrenamate reawifen @ SFescrip-described ia Pt. 1 for cases), and leave » sail thant and ts sal@ wmder atner trade names). Itbole om tap. Insert 3/32 safaty fuse isp the hole, werhe cnnacosnes bOtLevVe me!and put a drop cf glea te held it im. Fill thecone with a mixture of agual facta of pagheniue 4.P, Aqvisavle Miesions Ferce

Phone Code- RAO Updated1982 CreditCard Code c ————ea- S = — i= &§ 32h omy ant be ©cing: ooriy 3 2 nametoma ms Ta Rape wr aath bw by ~ a : WRITE VWs 00a pagel = a aes = maand iheGes ent nd Oa? om oe b i G =F chr ome omy mee pO Oo me 20 8 mh a =Saas eeeeonlyim pas hemcn wy 1 toni Eaedbe s 1 aten at Detar Catang e — mn muuM 8 setwe - 716euiiied of gat Gr 6 aap ee 6 Q — ms se fates a? om= oon ©sm ot taiey bem ete,Se 9 Ot “ ~ aaa 4 a .. & maneay Ge tupestiam bein,Dict inten Sateen see| im GUN smu s Sth. = nitof 36 Glyos hex eter eet fghh oy oe | = = fe oe - 88=s_ Bh hos as o-stemen the et ee = = an - =» wm a meious Qedp-giene on ~-S-eh ee eee = — = me toe mem } =ag GeLene BA7,GEEES 4) netee afs bn. mie = - igs = = Semsdtate ee m{fete 2ee ne ite = = es Gp 4 nme =. me eyes 0fee pegll eeoyte © agama eesshack ogt « aged & Be OP Salis Be ae a ae se a moet = a = hm oo ——- ——ve te TPaete heePeewee hs gee ms a « ae ~—a antMi a eee ne = a = m— a 0lUm 30 0mend ose nad ‘V. Bae 3S Oemtoh ene wn CUR ered mr kee ret —a~ = g ee = — iwm | sw vent ‘7, Ge es pl a & fhe ste cegeey @ Oe Oe wayeat & mm on — a Sagi, at 86 -ihe AensuatingGee ends wilWl begfe we We be Comes Wy Dem *Oeoot tet me A = eee a $s naee = a| ar @ RayRODSbute bevyoh beep a Ne, fe em es eet?te cee — = o sane _ = Part tay TM =seated, legete, @ init pt oapetsheet Ge teey m — we mi nv om memeAPU. anteuviesr feuch offthree ef@ese Guitng —— _ - = ~ aond anti-ear preupe wm ihe Ney pretssia jest year Shen lege sumanofp> me aon in a a aa * %Cast Count mayhavepeenvip 6rapectedty encountered tage «8 aubere were wupectedte onli. moe. 0S ” = ane a =toes of tetelphene Raset® reserved masenged saving They repert thet beth nes mm a — = “ent aimed at connteing the numbershadbeenGesen Setereacd after theastions Outed 20 hwit _ 2thatr ergantiing ettarte. neces.(Thinhea Sewn fap iepRewsswwe fine, bel that — me al — msAt lenet tree greupe,Ie pysingte Yinpeveferyearn) Surtngpont pavieds,ahen an- no = mind = auiieg (2Wee's Pas Speheepuagtewtih oiteeg «68aBeneswere neuitet wycome me = tue nas 8jagen Aston, the Beeten groupe tell virtnaity the iden §=6fandle the expected bewege any, & my so fh me aCremehetAlignes andWw ‘eal etary:wey cay pespia 6 calle, ponple would other ee os TM = i ws _sBoston AllanceAgains! weren'table te getieughte 466ene wrnng mummersoF be Caeet ma -_ tu— =Fagiewuiiensei ihe Ceaft, ihe Gulingpertessme whieh 86(feld by an Gyuretorthat the aume ad oe we i imcaters attempting 10 demanstrations were line had been detennsoted. mute anhp, =EREEBASING TIP3 by Dr. Atomic TAP RAP by TOM EDISONfome of the readers who tried the freebasing e-periment in TAP Ieeue 870 may have had the fol-lowing happen to their emperimenttWater, cocaine. andbeking sodawere addedto thefreebase visl. Ether was added, and the vial wesshaken well. Then, whan the etber layer wes drawnoff and dropped on a mirrog to evaporates, no white,eryatal cocaine freebase remained: inatead, allthat remained was a gooey, oil like puddle that re-fusedta be scraped off the mirrocwith a rasorblade.This problem ia probably caused by a synthetic“cain” such as tetracaine, procaine, butacaine, oxtropacocaine, which freebase up aé oils inatead ofsmokable power. It’s a real drag to have spent «ahundred dollara or more on a gram of cokeomly toeod up with a puddle of guo.If there is any authentic cocaine in the goosypuddie on your coke mirror, you of course want tetry to crystallize it so that it can be scraped upand smoked. blowing warm, dry air on the oilypuddie with a hair dryer. Lightly ecraping a rasorblade across the ouddle may help Deing up a whitspowder. If the puddle starta to turn white andcrystallize, you're in luck,On the other hand, if this dossan't work, what youhave just purchased for cocaine may be somesyn-thetic other than cocaine. Lookin the pagesof aCurrent High Times magazine and you pee a half-dozen synthetics being sold as " ". Theremay be «a swell amount of real cocaine in the oilypuddle, a token amount, but hecause there ig a lotef synthetic cain {or other synthetic) present, thepuddle won't crystallize no matter how much you dryit.If you do get a good return of white posderbeck,‘this doss not necessarily mean that you have a reletively pure semple: there are saynthetica that willfreebase uo into a white powder: for example,. lido~caine will beawe up. It has «a characteristic taatewhen amoked (not too good), aad it gives youa rushand a whistle, or hiaesing, in your ears when inhaled.But the rush doesn’t last aa long as coke, and itoften will give you a sick feeling in the atomach.ta contrast, cocaine in email amounts will alsecetalways make you feel good == not bad, aad cocainehas a pleasant taste when smoked. Unfortunately,wuch coke on the street ia cut with lidocaine andother adulteranta, 20 practice more chamistry aodSeparate the cut from the cee before emekiag,
|||||||||L
I would like to take this opportunity to thankall of the people who helped and supported TAP in198k. XY hope that we'll continue to ceceive yoursupport in 1982. Yaur comments, both pra and con,about FAP are greatly welcomed. We incouragelettecs® to the &ditor and informational feedbackof all kinds. We are continually seeking newweitera and incovrage all our readers to submitarticles and information. Please type all articleson a good typewriter using a five inch type columnwidth. You can alao help us by sending in thoseintereating filler news clip items and featurenews articles that ve reprint in ouf lteaues. TAPig etill interested in publishing TER t OF TAPin book form. We'd appreciate heacing from anyprospective publishers on this matter. PAP priceincreases went into effect on Pebcuary 1, 1982:Orders received with ineufficient peyment will beprorated. Fiease PRINT your name and completeaddress with lip code whenever you write to PAP.Also include your number/letter code from the toprignt hand corner of your mailing label. Phankx.fo cuteewantcutout this chart.———————er— rer reoanoaeeeeeeeeeeeee FBeck Isavues are $.75 each, Ieuve 650 ia $1,590. ;Subscriptions - 10 fesues - US Bulk Rate $7.u velope Rate $8.OS First Class in plain sealed envelope $10.Canada & Mexico First Class $10. |Foreign Sucface $6. - Foreign Air Mail $12.IMPORTANT! Please include your mailing label or alXerox copy whenever you write to TAP about youraubaeription,Courses ~ 3.75 each. A =~ DOC Basice,Electronic- AC Basics, C — Phone Sasics, D - Amplifiers. |iF "Ma 11° Patch - $1.50."IG Anniversary” Pen - $.50. |Fhb nasette tape - $4. Wear Capt Crunch. Al Bell,Joa Engresaia 1] Security Chief John Doherty. {TARP Pact Sheet #1 - $.50. Credit card cail hints.oe Pact dheee - $.50. Pree BELL phone calls. |Fact Sheat - $.50. Pree CTE phone calls.act Bheet f@ - 6.50. dual Tone Oscillator, |BlaplayedRed Box, & 2600 whistle Perfector plans.Send CASH, check. oc spongy order to : {TAP, |cr. Tepieeet 147 Meet 42nd Street. Bew York,=—a_a dh» & Gb @D 2b oh sa an es mb ms a ns ome aon sone

FCC rulingtelephoneWaalgion —The Feders] CommunicationsCosumission,movingUnally to implementa heychants more than a ytaf age,By 9 '7-to# vete, theageacy au Lheor ned the nation’slargest telephone compe te uytpeed up the depreciationef they equipment andfacilities.The decision le expectedto transtate Inte an additio-nal $2 billien in local rete
preciation expense.Without the changes being implementedtoday,thetelephone companies woukd have been entitled teceallect an additional §150 million in depreciationexpenses in any event. With the change,the deprecia-tion expente rises to 31.015 billion.The effect of the new-urpreciation schedules onee part
will meanrate hikestm eadition, state Letorycommissionssuet ducting a campaignto dlecoatinuscoasiderhowratesferdifferentcustemers—ouchas suchactivities.businessandresidential—wii! be affected. The imvestigationofishcphoncBut FCC efficielasay by thetime the new freed began af the Universityindepreciation schedulesare refiected on thelocal Marchof inet year aed (caliouedlevel,the Increases probably willeverage reughly60 throughfiealexamslaMay, accund-cents a month. imgto 2 vepresentativefrom Bell'sThe process begunyesterdzy will affect allthe securitydepartercrt.optrating cempaniceewnedby theAmerican Tetephonefraud dealswith charg-Talephons& TelegraphCa. avoid paying for phowe calls."’reachedtwo weeks ago, theywerenot prompledby according to a Bell Telephonethat settlement or by efforts te Wwockerswhichwas passed outindustry. phone centerson campus.The keypeticy changesow being implemented Bell is mow signing complaintswas approved by theFCC in Nevember 1990. Fi ageénstpersowssuspectedofphoneallows telephone companies to depreciate their fireud, aid the .Waequipmentusing 8 so-called “remaininglife” techn! personis accuscdof fraud.Bel! willqueinstead of “whole life.” prosecwertheoffender,he said
£xce«xnhangeincreaeesthe amount of revenueahort run—sad thus raises rates—designed te benefit tontumersinthe
xbecaese theFCCdoes lew all thede tet bea roctio latredectaccounts of eachofthe 36 Tirtas every year. oo cee
s i iBoy bandit ‘settles’ for $100Den't everjet anybodytell yeu some U.S. SavingsBankon Broad Street in Newartk.tang bs poeaero er 11:30 a.m. a bey13 o 14 years oldLeok what kappened at the, comes intethebenkand hands a teller anote:wna owl of ten causes the offenderwould coutmurc to defraud thephoneCOPRPENy.Thecrieninelrecord an indivichal
‘Johnny Larceny’| one 4oej- a iFea ’nd i} r || . °
reer receivesfrom 8phonefraud charge i hk may be a smal postion (of torpermanent, representative. commemunity), we havewere20 or 30 customers is the “bark aod abost seven oy n wesbo AltheUnivertitylast year|!peo- tn stopkt,"" be said.meek, we , —The teller didnt haiow what to to,ond veh: Te ee Beeshe saidnothing. ‘ i be.“Okay,” saidtheyoungrobber.“Give i oat:me$200." - + F JeTeller sil0l speechless, paralyzed Se ,“Her abet $1007 saysthe robber. TM ay ,Therobber walked outwithfivetwenty- Loos Wwdollarbills. o ta iPoticeare lookingfor a “beby-facedTM oe es age Po S tect ce ee Gedsexpect aboet five feet tall, with &yellow Fe aa pa gistshirt,II youknow anything sbeat the crime, NOVELPOSTAGE —Short of 2-contstampe,SarnvelSpector ofcal]the YouthAid Bureex. Edison tapedpenniestothisenvelope to make upthelatest postalSho teeyee eke. eee {i rate iIncreses. The letter arrived on schedule, with the colswevething oumightbeabe lo negetiots canceledby machine.a e.)6¢Mail-iciousFLORENCE,Ariz. — ThreeDeath Rew bsSt mates st theArtronaSlate Prisonhave bees using their_ amped out Semi ersrg taorthotlawandseape arene — A 18-year-oldwould-be Ubief Theysaid Seturdey thetthe convicts’ fraedutentbeeving a post office bere. Set pera ferBora Tutazinesfrom pebiichera withPouce Contunissiony Hol Wittergwhe ealcily over wr AT eeidewtited inmate windied snore thse $1,00over-poweredthe youth andtookhimaway. from cofectors from New Yorkto Taiwanim slameaadevin deals, nvestigatersTAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 1003673
, inal I'm etl eqcomplehingexything. 'a beenmentheaiane } vatedmyeell ¢pay maicelTM
percaqive.adding tha:the expectedcom for thls year amounts to $2.7
commiting phonefreed, belon ahergecarmpessuch as Rutgers, ''itin@t a potwhere itis pettingoutofhand.*”