TAP RAP by TOM EDISON 
As some of you may have suspected, there has been a change 
of command at TAP. The founder and former editor who has kept 
a very low profile over the past year and who still wishes to 
remain anonymous, has left for greener pastures, We wish him 
well in whatever new field of endeavour he's involved with now. 
It has been some time since any formal TAP policy has been 
stated so let me start my editorial duties with a statement on 
Tap policy. We will try and continue to make TAP a source 
of information that is not available from any other source. We've 
tried to broaden our scope over the past year by reporting on 
politix, environmental protection, pop culture, and even CB 
radio and we will try to continue to publish even more varied 
subjects. We will try to be more responsive to your comments, 
compliments, and even criticisms. Reader apathy SUCKS!!! 
If you liked a particular article or thought that it stunk, don't 
just sit on your fat ass at home and do nothing. Let me hear 
from you! We cannot improve the quality of TAP if we get no 
feedback from you. 
I'm happy to report that my plea in issue #41 for articles 
by readers has gotten results already. Joe Greyhound, Ted Vail 
Agent MDA, and Krammas have submitted articles, some of 
which we've already published. Let's hear from more of you 
budding young writers out there. 
I know that I've bitched before about TAP's renewal policy 
but it's a known fact that most readers just skim over each 
issue and pick out for reading only the spicy articles so I'm 
briefly going to mention it here one more time. ALL personal 
checks MUST clear your bank before I'll process your order 
So if you don't want 2 delay of 2 few months, PLEASE send in 
only money orders or cashier's checks. And if you're renewing 
you MUST send me either your mailing label or a photo-copy 
of it, TAP is NOT responsible for ANY errors in your sub if 
you do not include your mailing label with your renewal! 
And while I'm on the subject of renewals, whenever you're 
writing about your sub, PLEASE use the name that you sub 
under! I won't embarrass the idiot by printing his name here 
but one of our readers sent me a post card, and a rather nasty 
one at that, demanding to know where the hell his issues of TAP 
were, He signed the post card with his real name but the stupid 
bastard actually subbed under. the name of "Occupant" so that 
when I looked for his real name on our sub list, I couldn't find 
him. Only after a lot of trouble tracing by address and zip code 
did I find him under "Occupant", I personally don't give @ shit 
what name you sub under but PLEASE use the same name when- 
ever you write to TAP! 
‘And don't bitch to me about how I botched up the spelling of 
your name on your mailing labell You are to PRINT or TYPE 
YOUR NAME and ADDRESS CLEARLY or I'm NOT responsible! 
IfI can't read your chichen scratchin', TUFF SHITI!1!!1!11111 
Many readers have asked why the middle initial in their 
names is placed without a space between it and their first 
name on their mailing label such as John Q. Public which 
is printed as JOHNQ. PUBLIC. The reason is that our print 
out will not allow any break in the first name and if we tried 
to put a space between the first name and middle initial, the 
print out would not accept it so rather than loose your middle 
initial, it is tacked onto the end of your first name, which 
sometimes makes for a very amusing first name! 
TAP also receives many inquires as to the total number 
of subscribers that we have and even a few of you real nosy 
bastards want to know how much money we have in our bank 
account. For QUR security, the answers to these questions 
isNOY.F.B III 
Many new subscribers are getting TAP's address from 
old publications which still list our old sub rates. As a result 
they are only sending in half of the correct amount. We have 
NOT been sending them uotices that they owe TAP more 
money. What we have been doing is to credit them with 1/2 
of a subscription which means that their sub will run for 5 
issues instead of the usual 10, If you get a request to renew 
after receiving only 2 issues it's because you sent in only 
half of the correct amount, 
=. 
eT 
MAY-JUNE 1977 
NO. 44 
Mit 
With the reduction of our staff it is going to get harder to 
put out issues of quality unless we get some reader support 
NOW!!! We have bitched for well over a year that we need 
volunteer help and you NYC area readers thumbed your 
noses at us. I have painfully accepted the fact that you NYC 
area readers are just too damn apathetic or lazy to drag 
your asses up to our office but I will NOT accept your lack 
of responsibility to TAP! Your commitment does NOT end 
with a subscription!We need writers, articles, information, 
ideas and a hell of a lot of monetary support! Every TAP 
reader should try and get at least one friend to sub to TAP. 
IfI continue to receive some help from a few of you more 
dedicated readers, I can guarantee to publish an issue every 
two months. If I get more articles by you readers, I will try 
to publish an issue every month, IfI get no help from you 
readers, you can just scratch your asses and wait until I do 
get some help. 1977 is the year we either make or break TAP! 
Iam going on record here and state that ifI do not receive 
sufficient help , 
I WILL FOLD TAP AT THE END OF T 
YEAR!!! 
Tam running out of those cute little newspaper fillers that 
we use on the back page of TAP right next to your mailing 
label. I would appreciate it very much if you would be on the 
lookout for any fillers in your home town papers that you feel 
would interest-other readers, Send them to TAP c/o Tom Edison. 
‘PLEASE mark on the back of the filler the name of the publication 
that the filler came from and the date it appeared so we 
can 
give full credit, 
THE '77 TAP T-SHIRTS ARE NOW HERE!!! 
This year the shirts are black with white TAP logo. Since 
some of you readers bitched last year about the fact that the 
mail drop address of TAP was also on the T-shirts and you 
didn't want to become a walking advertisement for TAP's mail 
drop, we did NOT put TAP's address on the T-shirts this year. 
When you order a ‘T-shirt, PLEASE specify size: 8, M, L, XL. 
TAP T's cost the same as last year's: $4. How's that for a 
noninflationary price? 
‘This issue marks the return of our "Letters From Readers" 
column, Ii you have a particular problem or you have run 
across an interesting item that you'd like to share with our 
readers, let us hear from you. “I encourage readers who have 
solutions to other reader's problems to write to us with your 
suggestions. You never know when YOU may need help! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TAP! Six years old on May 1, 1977. 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators
GET DOWN! by TOM EDISON 
Over the last few months I have been searching for a new 
title for my old "Odds & Ends" column, I thought that I had 
finally found the perfect title, "Up Yours!", but I was wrong. 
From here on, my column title will be "Get Down!", taken 
from the lyric "Get down tonight" from the song "Smokin'" 
by that fantastic new rock group BOSTON. I've recently had 
the pleasure of seeing BOSTON in concert (that is if you can 
really "see" anything after all the joints that are S,O, P, at 
concerts!) and I heavily recommend their unbelievably great 
first album titled "BOSTON", For the uninitiated, BOSTON 
is the hottest new rock group presently around. In the history 
of rock there has never been an album that has ever sold so 
many So fast. I personally have not been so excited over a 
rock group since The Beatles. Every cut on the album is an 
engineering masterpiece! Get a copy and enjoy!!! 
Many enterprising individuals are installing their own phone 
systems, By now, most TAP readers probably have a betier 
working knowledge of just how a telephone works than the 
average Bell installer. (If you don't, you'd better get your 
ass moving and send for some of our back issues!) Although 
Pa Bell uses a 48 volt DC battery power supply, any power 
supply capable of producing 25 to 50 volts DC at about 60 ma 
can be used. Remember that Bell has the coil windings of the 
relays plus the resistance of the phone lines in series with 
their 48 volt supply. The total resistance of your phone and 
phone line is about 1,000 Ohms. Since current equals voltage 
over resistance, 48 volts divided by 1,000 ohms results in 
about 48 ma of current. Don't forget to load down your power 
supply line with a 1,000 ohm resistor. See fig. 1. This will 
insure that your phones operate with the correct amount of 
current through the mouthpiece. 
Dial tone, busy signals, and audible ringback tones 
easily generated by using the Dual-Tone Oscillator de 
in our 3-Plan Sheet (50¢). The only problem is getting the 
damn phone to ring! I hate to admit it but sometimes Pa Bell 
is no dummy. They realized that sooner or later folks would 
try to hook up their own phones so in another feeble attempt 
to thwart these do-it-yourselfers, they used 20 cycle ringing 
voltage instead of the more common 60 cycle voltage used by 
all power companies. For those of you who aren't 
too clear 
on just how @ pnone ringer works and why it will NOT ring 
using 120 volt AC 60 cycle line voltage, let me offer the 
following primer. See fig. 2. The basic ringer consists of 
a 
two section induction coil connected in the center by a 1 MFD 
capacitor, This capacitor 
n be 
ibed 
s necessary because the DC resistance 
generator at this frequency is often low. 20 cycles is also the 
lowest frequency that most audio amplifiers will amplify so to 
boost up this signal I designed a circuit using two doorbell 
transformers, See fig. 4. 
With this circuit the output from the audio amplifier is now 
connected to the two low voltage secondaries that are connected 
series aiding. The 48 volt power supply is connected between 
the primary winding outputs of the two transformers which are 
also connected series aiding. This doubles the output voltage 
to over 100 volts which is enough to ring the piss out of your 
phone ringers! Remember, for this circuit to operate properly, 
you must connect both primaries and secondaries Series aiding. 
Since doorbell transformers are not phase marked, you must 
either play around "trial and error" method or you can phase 
mark them yourself using a voltmeter and a 1 1/2 volt battery. 
See fig. 5. 
Connect the red and black voltmeter leads across the primary 
winding side of a transformer. MOMENTARILY touch the 
battery to the secondary leads of the transformer noting the 
polarity of the battery terminals. If the voltmeter pointer 
momentarily moves to the right, the red and black leads 
are connected correctly and a small dot should be put near 
the primary lead that was connected to the red lead of the 
voltmeter, A small dot should also be put near the secondary 
lead that was momentarily connected to the POSITIVE (+) 
side of the battery. This now tells you that a positive going 
voltage will induce a positive going voltage on the dotted 
primary. Tq connect these two transformers series aiding, 
connect the dotted secondary to the undotted secondary lead 
and the dotted primary lead to the battery and then to the 
undotted primary lead as shown in fig. 4. 
To interrupt the ringing, either "Liberate" an interruptor 
from the local CO or use the volume control on the amplifier 
or audio generator. You can also use a SPST switch in series 
with one of the leads going 
to the transformers. 
Now, who says it's not easy to ring a telephone? 
}-————_—_> - 
POWER 
SUPPLY 
FIG. I, 
+ 
= 
of the coils is very small and if only the coils were across the 
phone line, the resulting current through them would be enough 
to trip the relays at the CO and put dial tone on your line. The 
capacitor blocks the DC current but passes the 20 cycle ringing 
voltage. The values for the capacitor and induction coil are 
specifically chosen to resonate at 20 cycles. At this resonant 
frequency the capacitive reactance of the capacitor is equal to 
and 180 degrees out of phase with the inductive reactance of the 
coils. Since these two reactances cancel each other, the only 
limiting factor on the current is the DC resistance of the coils. 
If you try to get your phones to ring by connecting them to the 
120 volt AC 60 cycle power line, the inductive reactance of the 
coils at this frequency will be large enough to reduce the current 
to a value that is insufficient to operate the ringer. 
There are two ways to get 20 cycle ringing voltage. The first 
way is to "liberate" a 20 cycle ringing generator from your 
friendly(?) neighborhood CO, The second and probably easier 
way is to build one yourself. All you need is an audio signal 
generator, an audio amplifier with a transformer output, and 
a 10 volt doorbell transformer. See fig. 3. Connect the 20 cycle 
output of the audio generator to the input of the audio amplifier. 
Connect the audio amplifier output transformer to the 10 volt 
low voltage secondary side of the doorbell transformer. The 
high voltage primary leads go to your phones. The 20 cycle 
output from the generator is amplified and applied to the door- 
bell transiormer. This transformer, which is usually connected 
as a step down converting 120 volts to 10 volts for doorbell 
operation, is used here as a step up converting the 20 cycle 
low voltage output to about 70 volts which is usually enough to 
operate the ringer. The only problem with this system is that 
20 cycles is a very low frequency and the output of an audio 
RING 
ConA 
conse 
TIP 
1 
RINGER 
Ineo 
RINGER 
FIG 2. 
DooRBELt 
TRANS FORMER 
Aubdlo 
| 
GENERATOR 
=< 
Fre: 2. 
e 
Te 
Aubio 
= 2 
=" 
° 
AMPLIFIER 
SUPPLY 
PHONE 
ouTPeT| 
is 
e 
FIG. 4. 
aa 
Fig. 5 
AuDIo 
AMPLIFIER 
To 
PHONE 
> 
RED LEAD 
BLACK LEAD
LETTERS FROM READERS 
SECURITY OFFICE 
THE PACIFIC TELEPHONE 
and TELEGRAPH COMPANY 
177 East Colorado Blvd., Room 244 
Pasadena, California’ 91105, 
On March 25, 1976, the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, antered an injunction in favor of The Pacific 
Telephone and Telegraph Company and against Teletronics Company of America, 
and others. Your name appeared on 
a list (provided 
under Court order) of subscribers, or potential subscribers, to material previously published and distributed by Teletronics Company 
of America. Accordingly, for your protection and benefit, you are hereby given the following notice: 
NOTICE 
Dear Telephone User: 
IT_IS A VIOLATION OF STATE AND FEDERAL LAW TO USE ANY INSTRUMENT, DEVICE OR 
SCHEME TO OBTAIN ANY TELEPHONE SERVICE WITHOUT PAYMENT OF THE LAWFUL CHARGES 
THEREFOR. IT IS ALSO A CRIME TO PROVIDE INFORMATION TO ANY PERSON WHICH IS USEFUL FOR 
SUCH PURPOSE. IN MANY STATES, THE POSSESSION OF OR DISSEMINATION OF PLANS OR INSTRUC- 
TIONS FOR SUCH DEVICES IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
VIOLATIONS OF THESE LAWS ARE VIGOROUSLY INVESTIGATED AND PROSECUTED. ACCORD- 
INGLY, YOU ARE URGED TO DESTROY ANY AND ALL WRITTEN MATERIAL OR DEVICE YOU MAY 
HAVE WHICH MAY VIOLATE ANY OF THESE LAWS. 
THIS STATEMENT IS BEING SENT TO YOU BY ORDER OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, 
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES. 
‘The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company 
HE PACIFIC TELEPIONE & TELEGRAPH CO. 
177 EAST CERLORADO BLVD, ROOM 244 
NA, CALIFORNIA 91105 
w 
urity Office: 
I received a most unusual document from you folks today (copy 
enclosed). 
Is this your idea of a bi-centennial joke? 
If so fiw 
amor 
is getting rather sick. 
I'm sure you wouldn't intentionally 
waste 
your money sending a Canadian a report on your problems, when you 
could spend it stopping people from making the most economical use of 
your telephone system. 
As a Canadian citizen I am informing 
you 
that I need no protection or benefits from the P.T. & T.Co. 
You 
may not realize it but U.S. State and Federal Law doesn't apply in 
canada. 
You may "vigorously investigate" all you like, but you 
can't prosecute me for having any written material or device. 
This statement is being sent to you on my own free will as an 
expression of my concern over the continual erosion of personal 
freedom in North America. 
Beep, Bleep 
Dear TAP, 
Iam a "road person" living in a van or trailer throughout 
the year so my problems of telephone service augmentation 
differs from those who are stationary enough to have access 
to "home" service. On the other hand, Ido have regular access 
to pay phones, many of which are located in quite non-urban 
areas. Frequently the service lines to these boxes appear to 
be accessible to sharpened metal rods such as needles and old 
fashioned phonograph "needles". Do you have any ideas, for 
intellectual stimulation only, on how a person in my situation 
might theoretically help these remote telephone lines to be 
service tested without perturbing the sensitivities of the 
corporations involved? 
Dear TAP, 
I have a problem. At home I nave dial type Trin- 
line telephones. How can I fix the telephones so I 
can only receive calls and not be able to make any? 
(I'm refering to local calls.) On the Touch Tone 
telephones, if the Red and Creen wires are reversed, 
this is possible-vut I don't know how on the dial 
type. 
I have someone staying at my place for a wnile 
and this person is 
a telephone phreak. 
Keith 
Thave further wondered if a person in my situation might 
be able to utilize a telephone answering device of the inter- 
rogatable type? I envision the chance of having stationary 
telephone service provided as an extra line into the home of 
a sympathetic, but very straight friend, and having the device , 
such as 2 PHONE-MATE 800 remote system (I read the 
Burstein-Applebee catalog), receive calls from friends, 
preferably without their being billed, and then my being able 
to make (preferably very low cost calls) remote connection 
to the PHONE-MATE or similarly from areas distant from 
its location, To tell the truth, I doubt ifI could afford the system 
but my interest is somewhat more then theoretical. 
Thank you for the fine work, 
Es Gs 
Dear TAP, 
I live in a General Telephone area and since all long 
distance calls from a pay phone must go through an operator 
first, 
Ihave to use home phones. This however doesn't seem 
to work either in my area, since after I've beeped off and 
punched in the numbers, I gét a recording which says, "Iam 
sorry, but due to the current equipment conditions, we are 
unable to complete your call, Please hang up and try again," 
My Blue Box uses a square wave oscillator and all the 
frequencies are within 2 Hz of the real ones, Has anyone else 
had the same problem? I would greatly appreciate any help 
you can give me. 
Sincerly, 
Indiana
NEW COLUMN ! 
COUNTER CONTROL 
by Agent MDA 
THIS MONTH'S TOPIC: 
RENTING A 
‘Chairman Mao Tse-Tung had the right idea for deal- 
ine with the misery 
and suffering that was caused 
by China’ parasitic landlord class - he had the un- 
cooperative lanslords hung by the neck from nearby 
lamp posts. 
People who have to rent apartments in 
Amerika still have to pay a huge and sometimes un- 
bearable portion of their income, plus have to put 
up with the landlords oppressive rules and regula- 
tions. 
Until our own liberation happens there are 
tricks that can be used to frustrate the land- 
then renting or leasing an apartment always use an 
alias name, Use the same alias 
with the utility 
companies if the utilities aren't included in the 
rent. You can receive your mail in your real name 
at your new apartment or at a rented P.0. Box or 
private mail receiving box. 
If you can't pay youn 
rent or have to split on the lease, at least you 
won't suffer any consequences from'the pigs and 
courts, who are the lackeys for the landlords and 
other ruling class oppressors 
If the inquisitive landlord wants references, list 
some phony ones from out of state - as far away as 
possible. You can tell the parasite landlord that 
you never rented before because you lived with your 
parents or frienis if he/she wants your previous 
landlords address. 
One of the benefits of renting your apartment in an 
alias name is that you can pick up some freebies 
when you move. 
If the apartment is furnished you 
can take some of the better pieces along with you 
If it’s not furnished, rent some furniture and take 
off 
with that. Typewriters, TV's, tools, phone 2q- 
uipment, etc., can be rented or ordered under your 
alias name and sent to your alias rented address. 
If the business and/or landlord wants ID, have some 
Phony ID ready to show them. 
You can bring along 
your lease when renting equipment and use your pig 
landlord as a personal reference. Another benefit 
is that should a bust ever come down at your pad 
you can say that you were just 
visiting or are stay- 
ing temporarly with the person who rents the apart- 
ment. 
Renting under an alias name gives one security, 
privacy, and the freedom to move whenever one wants 
without punishment. Keep your freedom to move by 
using an alias. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to 
TELL IT LIKE IT IS 
By DUNAGIN 
44 
a, 
aaa 
Ione 
— 
a 
—— 
iat do they mean, we don't do anything about 
cost of living? . . . We gave ourselves a raise. 
didn't we? 
TAP,152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
WE NEED INFO ON 
Hear yourself on the radi 
lucky) 
POLICE CALL-POLICE, 
‘POLICE CALI 
Z 
REESE. FIREANO ewencency iene, | She Wate 
= 
YOR 14582 7 Ala.’ Ark. La, Miss., Okla, 
= 
a 
R 14588 8 California, Oregon. Washington 
4.96 
210 Lafayette 
cat. No. 760 
re are many: other frequencies which are not listed 
in these bouks, such as those used by the Drug Enforce- 
ment Agency, FBI, Border Patrol, etc. 
which we'd like 
to know. Most are in the 168-170 mhz range. Get your 
ears on, good buddy! 
Magnesium Pemoline (brand name Cyclert) is a mem- 
ory drug which has been finally released as 2 prescrip- 
tion item. But that's still a hassle. 
We'd like a simple 
recipe starting with available chemicals. 
Spy camera - the Soviet FD3, manufactured at Riga, 
looks like a fine wristwatch, is practically undetectible, 
takes excellent pictures. Can be used for microfilming. 
Price? Availability? 
h, 
40 each if 
you 
1es ~ US bulk rate $4, 
jain sealed envelope 3¢ 
TELEPHONE CATS 
‘The Cat Who Called 
Long Distance 
when the shop was closed. He 
Abby, pet cat of Mr. and Mrs. 
—_knocked 
the telephone off its cradle, 
Frank DeCaire 
of Detroit, knocked stuck his nose up against the mouth- 
an upstairs extension off the hook 
while Mrs. DeCaire was using the 
downstairs 
phone. That left the line 
open for twenty hours, bringing a 
piece and made what a telephone 
operator interpreted as groans of 
pain. The operator called police, who 
located the owner and got him to 
phone bill of $107. 
open the shop. The butcher gave 
Meatball his dinner, then told police 
‘The Cat Who Wanted Dinner 
he was certain that Meatball had 
Meatball, 
pet cat of a butcher in _ planned 
the whole thing. 
Newark, 
N. J., grew hungry 
one day 
Bulk Rate 
U.S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit No. 3 
Keasbey, N. J.