We've been getting swamped with requests for the new -Credit Card Code. Apparently the phone company can't get 7it togetber to impliment their new computerized credit cardsystem in all areas at once. There is a report that the newcredit card code is based on the 4th digit and is as follows:1-E 2-M 3-U 4-7 5-Q 6-A 7-W 8-Z 9-H O-RPlease send us your experiences with this code so we candetermine if it works and where.
FSYou may have noticed that your mailing label is beingproduced by an infallible space age giant electronic compu-ter brain. If you are like 12% of our subscribers, you willnever have any problem wit2 your subscription. However,the computer is very literal-minded. When writing to TAPto change your address or renew you must, must, MUSTinclude your mailing label or a xerox of it.Many readers could be interested in a device to clip ontopay phone wires like a testset, but could actually simulatea pay phone, beeps and all. Such a device would also havethe sane electrical responses as a real pay phone to ring-ing, coan collecting and returning, although no coins wouldbe necéssary for its operation. Readers who would be intoworking on this are urged to report their results for publi-cation. Refer to this as the "Portable Pay Phone".Finally, a note about the Telident phone call tracer. Ourclipping last issue was from Popular Mechanics who nowclaims that Telident has moved or gone out of business andleft no forwarding address. Top phreaks have felt the unitcould not work and must be a hoax. PM claims Telidentdid a demo at the Waldorf Astoria in New York and it seemsreal. Could be publicity of this myth might frighten certainpotential bomb callers, and that the press conference at theWaldorf was set up? Cr maybe it does work and the Govt.or others are trying to keep it secretlThe following is a loop suffix list. These may or maynot be free calls, and some may have changed recently.The suffix is added to the first 3 digits of your phone no.(the prefix) and when two people call the two numbers, theyare connected to each other. Sometimes one number mustbe dialed before the other for connection to take place. Forexample, one dials 215-265-0094 and the other dials 215-265-0095. For people in Philadelphia the 215 would ofcourse be unnecessary.AREA CODE STATE LOOP ENDINGS201 N. J. 8929/9930213 Ca, 1118/1119215 Pa. 0094/0005303 Co. 0009/0068312 Tl. 9930/9931313 Mi. 9996/8987412 _» Pa. 0092/0093415 Ca. 0044/0045416 Ontario 1186/1187503 Or. 1000/1001814 N. Y. 8905/9900 9934/9935918 Ok. 9932/9933
MARCH 1975NO.28
YOU CAN HELP TAPIf you can contribute any information that you think otherreaders would be interested in, please do so. TAP readersare the main source of our information. You can help bymeeting employees of phone and power companies, alarmplaces, etc., and asking them about questions other peopleraise in the newSletter, Be sure to get details and maintaincontact in case you have additional questions. Most empl-oyees of those companies would be glad to screw their bossand they'd probably be interested in TAP, too. We bopethat a lot of you will gather information so wa know whatthe scene is around the country and Canada,We also need info on the following.AutomaticBlue Boxes-With info about where they're nec-@SSAry,dingMachines-Locks, getting stuff, etc,Lochs- New code books, picking Medeco, Sargent Keso,tricks, etc,Setting up your own Station, Schematics, legalstuff, jammers, etc.-Holmes and other central station alarms,bypassing, electronic keys and picking, etc.Also, Magnets, OverseasPhreaking, and Chemistry.Dear TAP,Enclosed is a drawing of my ripoff newspaper discovery. Iget along, thin, strong wire like the type used on newspaperStacks. Stick equal lengths simultaneously down the twocoin slots, and the door should pop open. Pull the handle,take all the papers you need. It usually takes 15 seconds.
Oe 5¢ IT'S SOMETHING LIKE THIS,i IT' USUALLY PAINTED BLUE,~_CURVED PULL HANDLE,WIRE & PLASTIC SCREEN WINDCW,
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc, 1974Movement groups may reprint with TAP’s address, _and please send us 3 copy of reprinted work.

HOW TO READ COMPUTER BILLSThe stardard IBM keyruncn cece is used on computerbills Sent ycu cy the Phone Co., Blue Cross, Conbills sent you by the Phone Cc ue Cross and everyoreelse wto does alot of comru‘er billing. Knowledge of thecode can prove very interesting. Here's how it werks:The card contains informatior printec on tt, and you canread this information. Bul the computer reads unis infoby mears of li-tle rectangular acles punched in variousrows and columns. The mimber "4" is represented by ahole in the fourth row, while the letter "B” is tyro boles,ong in row A and one in row 2. A spaceis when no bolesare purncted.ABCIEF HY KLPNDPORTTUAKY2 1123456789a CidPOCTeerecacereee eee PTTT TR RiaparenartearaG Gear east gpagarerrecaeggageaQaraasanesethiacan ' @ 1 Ow Oe RR OWE OMAR HRARKERESVRAHERP ERO eK Amend ea H PEMBEV EN OAREREAakH manawa Adanwiin
and&, in fourer wie colur.ns. He examinesthe rowsand iabels -hem with a penzil. Then he looks for “he 323, 88and finds it near :ne middle of the card. By covering up the2 andcutting a new hole in the "C" row, be has caanged hishill trom 323. 88 -o $3.38, asavings of $20.60. He coveredthe 2 usinga ny piece of scotch tape that overlap the boleby only 1/8" all around, except where it would cover anotherSole. He pressed it down firmly and then cut the excass offWith4 razor blade. To cut the hole, be drewlines witharuler from other "0" holes and from the "2" he just coveredup These tines intersected in a Sirall rectangle the siza otftha other holes, which ke cut out with a razor clade. HeFp SLM Ce _ CDE E71 POF), 7-a%' ~~,Gem FF<—_—.()PUM VEO DEE QPP e eA EPC EQ Pe EP ED A TE a teetersTEAMS TVRIP TPQ E LeeLee PLU er Sa zr Beez rereEES) PPEROE PEL CEPEEESS RSEPPOPESES PPESESESE! | | FT PREPSRPSESELESORSE | LESPPPSESESES:SadegPccccacreBecccataGecieccracccapecccccasdaacahtcarcececccacsiecacePBactacaaaaRESULT LESEREREY SESEDESS LRELSEEEOOE!S ESPERTSECLOOSLO | SELESS CS PESEREESESCLOOLES ERECSP RAEBPCECO OREM URES RCM RCC ROTC R PARAS CHM REAR MRAZ E GRC Re AGG REC RSAbR OEE LECPVUUP PPMP Ue e a Deere ager rereCCCC ROTH seers Tae MOC CPCI ease Re Pe RRM CRSR AG ROS RAR RA ONG AEDR cca BectnagiesrosassMscss eos Rese pees Rigen rs ares sR hs aS UOT TS TES EASA CSAS EOS ESAS ALAS STS+a ten vena n st GR RAARURBRRE SA TERMED SASS VAAST ANAK EREN TR ERR ROBT REO RAK MAK RE EKER* yeeREECrh
“———}e——2
THERE ARE 12 ROWS CN THECARD, 0-9 and A and BTHERE ARE 80 CCLUMNS,COUNTING FROM LEFT TORIGHT.When you get a bill like this, the writing on it wil] notdirectly above the letters and numbers in this coded form.This ig to keep the computer information secret. However,On a Standard keypunch machine, which can be found atmost college computer departments and in most large of-fice buildings, computer cards can be punchedout withthemumbers and latters cbey represent right above each col-umn. Plus, all the rows and columns are marked, Column26, 27,28, 29, and 3O containtheamount you owe them onaN. Y. "Telephons computer Dill. It’s unbelievable what somepeoplewoud do out of spite towarusthephones company. |know of one parson who regularly crumples his computercard before sending it back to the phone company with pay-ment. And talk about people who actually manipulase theholes 80 as to pay less money than they actually owe! Yes,it's a sad fact but many of these wonderful corporationshave left thamselves wide open to ripoff artists. Let's seehow one of these commie punks, Chris "Crash" Creech isattempting to do this."Crash" doesn't have eccess to a keypunch machines, sohe can’t duplicate the phone bill amd see instantly where the$23. 68 is punched out, but be-knows another way. He as-sumes that there is at least oneDolein each row ofthecard. and he knows that fourofthese holas will be2, 3,6.SSAi-gelLcleublod> wd &E6GcGnce ch —Wels| ee FORTRAN STATEMENTvw ¥&dpr aes tp eee erence nee eee hh eee RKRe
GUIDE LINES 7 NEW HOLErySCOTCH TAPE '!i-iknew that if thebole wasn't placed andcut exacxactly in thecorrect Spot, Loe compuler card reader would detect anerror. His tiny piece of tape was pressed on firmlyandhexnew this would no: be spotted. But, on the off chance thatit would be, ba covered himselfbysendinga checkfortheoriginalamount, hoping to getthe $20. CO in the form ofcredit on his next bill. In fact, ba sometime will send more,like$25.00, so that the scheme mightnot ba lookedat LikeLie
CLD HOLE
—
~
pe amare' ya} ashst:311 YA
!
1834 Tee Bist GeetA sis attasa Biss 355 8 BaysCOPE RSAGLS bogg ees salPEPPyMeeyt fk2' 83 IN
aSGoat aaabigs agcf PiMardiasAig
momft-Ogd4
itTAR ds dae teen heeaeeR he ba HaaeeiasPOUREETUGTELabaebaaast 1rang at OERRPOREREREREERELBEE REESE EERE QIISTIPTTTAS ISIN TTT serosa as ese $ee bebe pee SatRP RABAT RA ee HR Ah RRA CORT UNE ee eee
MVM aa. HEREITHE(peer eR OOM, MEAS AP RAR TAKERS Be Oe RRR OORT i 2, 3,8, 8, INUre cares eyaeeey PEeTETM VT Paar ee aeve pease VVtGHirisiaverivisgt 2 CONSECUTIVEr Dagarraarrrr272 Drege rr27itae? } COLUMNS, BILLSSR Mes A aes raat any DON'T HAVETHERCWS OR COLUMNSVISIBLE CR NUMBEREDBUT THEY ARE STILL INTHE SAME PLACES,ESREPRESER SE.Ae, SYSSITSCUASEEBEESG.y? preven|COAMan mT TUTh OF bet rqian’

an overpayment oy mistake, but rather as an installmertor ever.aS a desire of credi. cy aim. The person whe openshis letter notes a chack fcr 522. J6, anda bill for $22. 68,but if the computer indicated a credit of 320,00, a niceround rumber, tbe persor. may be used °: seeing peopleaccidertally send in too much money by Slipping a digit ontheir cheacx, and invesugate further, [f the person Saw acredit of $21.32, nowever, it wouldn’t appear Suspicious.Some card readers are mechanical, using little flogersfeel the holes in the cards. However, more are now usinglight beams, whick would net be stopped by the scotch tapeunless it was colored. Also, card readers are precisionmachines that can be jammed by a small piece of scotchtape should it happen to come loose. Evena slight bend inthe card, when straightened out, can still cause the card tojam, and when it does, someone is going to have lo removethe card and possibly retype it.Cther variations on -his theme are possible. When theamount on the bill 's a credit due Crash, the last digit oftheamcunt has a hole punched in the A row inadditiontotne number bole that is punched. Cna might assume thatAll information is free if you can't afford it. Let us know.° 17-Beq Ben, Line MeiayGee Iho Srerywel Abie on ripetin 19 Call Stagger=* Tpocomment her Teenie- Boe See t a0-Chease Bon- Me ban 1 Mow chenioenCLemne 1M 21-Antematic Phone Tap~ Tanke yined Se7poe 22-amsearve~ Credacarecnlia13 :972 23- Frwe Elecuricily. toes5aaer gerProc Lewes 32) 24- Freod Dewtcwrs, Index,1-Pecetving org é.semmoe calla Wee L974 Code35-New Red Box, Free Gas> ete eatenS103 Crvde Coon, T Nemcre6Ree tex Plann 27-Free ElectricityACT SALUTE"ow Credit Card Feet Saeet ONT}BELL SUTTOn-50613/38.004 cose aad Mew ts oe 11 Kafaiy) hteal Tris Same: >2.23oetwing, Lom, Bistanee Calla Prea nonously-b). aewou, Ted. vereloe of isew 11) MEATRUCTCH1 nSSth.ATE- Free. peatSieplayedBed Rem: | 5¢ DEN Rl meedebe BEyou ale CHE Ae2000 Wistie Purfeciar. 1 memged, mi-aaGremaedsewslage.onl Teme Vecillater wtta leterrupter-lacLint of Deetrectery Assistance Tepice- FreeCe reesive Gub, via (iret claaa ecnelepe, ada 31.5032 Sweeeription ssgrem, 18 Lommean/yr,Canace-33.50 Forkegn-4. 50TaP, O0m $64, 132 8, 62 FT.,8.¥. 0.7. 10000Beliim, adress Saiy, snsek an meaty order only, MC Cain’
Bills Of $210,117Written Off ByPhone Firmbills kas deem written ha Prebiewoff a mocollectibleby lhe ApredienC.&P facesChesapeske end Potamac Tele- WRwnpeed Oclis (a iat "adlerpaces Campany dunng tbe Sly apunterscascmact oeAret oumgachsof Led year. & parses’: coascreactorC. & P. ly pret custe- eheritt can make biswer: 1%bai” te ‘Thera’: neltung of value weatbersaarches fer Lbe cur ¢an repeevesa.” albough ihemeer, Of. U tha eb is 2 wail compeaydots purmes conteameaa:. “ties « offas UNCH- von af bigger dulls. he séced.lecuble. accordmg in joka G He med C 2? to ot chadScpasier CUP spomesmnas distuntedstoutUmwriit-edlyTee : It Uswereseme dramaticgare is ecty per CTERe Over isk year.we dcom of all Co & HP customer have lo rae pdone rele:orBeis. Dea 1 i Bf InCTease @ef Crack bernom Cremecottectonthe Art sc mentag af iKI pocet.Se sas, Out thetswheaC & P wreteaf adou!B72 O08, or Mipercen. of au
punching this particular hole would result ina "reversalof the charges", in Phone Co. lancuagé. This is probablyin addition to other ccdes for credit or the bill, ana moreinfsrmation on this and relaced suttects would be welromefrom readers. It makes ‘ascinating reading, doesa': it?Crash knows some companies ‘halt this works at, arid somewhere it doesn't, Ais warped mind tells him that any com-pany big enough to have computer billing is worth rippingoff, and so he continues his habit to this day. Beware!SOME INTERESTING IDEAS FORPAY PHONE BOXERSBy now, most phreaks are aware that boxing mustbedone with care to avoid getting caught. Most blue box ar-rests involve Someone using a box on a home phone linefor many calls. Rarely are busts made at pay phones, andSO booths are becoming very popular. And since you can'tbust someone for carring 2 tape recorder, many boxerstape the tones and then go tb the phonebooth andmakethecall. If the tape is erased after completing the connection,it's hard to prove a box was used.Sometimes, however, the phreak wants or needs his orher box right there at the phone booth. Cne phreak hasbuilt a box into the case of a TI SR-10 calculator. We'dreally like to see Someone build a blue box into a calculatorcase and still have the calculator work! Cne possible way
to switch between blue box ard calculator operation wouldbe a multipole relay for the diode matrix and power swit-ching. A relay that would consume little current could bebuilt using FETs as switches, or using a prepackaged ICanalog switch.In the phone booth, of course, there is that basic prob=lem of holding the box or cassette up to the phone mouth-piece while looking out for people who might see, Mostpbreaks with cassette recorders use an ex:ension speakerwith a 3 foot cord. Some suggest running the cord insidethe phreaks ‘acket and down ‘he sleeve, emerging in thele‘: hand or clipped to the inside sleeve. This hand alsoholds the phone mouihpiece and ouside coservers do notsee the speaker. The recorder or box can te ‘worn on aDelt, also inside a facxet.Perhaps the ultimate ijea in avoiding detecuon is ‘ouse a radio link ‘roma car or home ‘9 the pa: phore. ASircple SM transmitter can transmi' the tones to a small< -adip, which is ectirel: unsuspizious4dccring andleyal. A two-way radic would de mcre Sultacie :or informsing -ne person atthe home@ case nat the tres Shiu. chenbe Ser, A continitus lop rasSet@ ir larrisi@ wt .%elim. nate the n@ea [25a paswner amt “wte2° radi c

I'd like to comment on a few statements being moronicallyrepeated again and again by Pa Bell, via his public relationand security force regarding FAIRNESS. These are my ownideas mixed with those of some of the readers."We reluctantly allow billing to a third number from apay phone, so as to allow the pay phone customer maximumservice, although fraud losses are quite high". They reallyate their foot this time. Pa Bell claims he's just so nice torisk billing to a third number from a pay phone, and then,without any publicity, they remove the belis from payphones.What about people who have to get a call back? What if theycan't afford a phone, or they're moving, and they'd like torecive a call on a PUBLIC PHCNE? Tough! The phonecompany would have us believe it's practically fraud to callsomeone back when their dime runs out, even though itcosts uS money to call them back] Telco is so greedy forthose few extra pennies."We feel people who Spend a long time on message unitealls should pay extra for each mimte. This way peoplepay their fair share." This one's a gem. So they feel thatpeople shouldn't have to subsidize the calls of others, huh?Do they publicize the fact that their one million employeesget a discount on their phone bill each month? In fact, ontheir family's phone bill?"Phone phreaks and illegal extension owners are pickingthe public pocket". Well, maybe compared to the grandlarceny on the public by AT&T. Are they for real? Howdoes putting in your own extension make other people pay,if, as they always claim, they don't like to make otherpeople pay for the habits of some? AT&T simply wants tomonopolize the manufacture, sale (or rental) and installa-tion of every phone in the U.S., except for about a petty15% so they can claim their not a monopoly! They have atesting program on now that is using up So much time andmoney just to detect illegal extension phones, Tbey claimthey have to protect the network. 98% of all store-boughtphones are in no need for"protection", as our mob-orientedphone company claims. And the other 1% don't work whenthe cwner installs it, so they remove it immediately. Cnereader says that all Western Electric phones made after12-74 bave a capacitor in the network box that does onething; it allows detection even if the bell is disconnected,That's our money being spent to catch us trying to shoparound in a so-called competitive economy.As for phreaks ripping off the public, this is not tooevident to us at TAP, who know that most phreaks enjoyexploring the system electronically, harmlessly, makinga few calls that they woukd not ordinarily make. AT&T isafraid that word will spread and half the population willsimply stop paying altogether and start phreaking. Notabad idea, but that is far from happening at this time. Butas I said before, we provide AT&T with the excuse thatwe're partly at fault for rising rates, which is simply alie to cover up their ever-increasing greed for profit.
A man who had bumpedhis headandgone inte a coms awoke clearheadedandrefreshedin 1993. Thefirst thinghedid wae te phone his broker who is-formed him that his AT & Tstack wasnew worth 5 million, his GM stock $10gailtion, andhisXeroxstock $15 million“Golly'’, the man'exclaimedexcitedly,“I'm worth millions!'’ Then thetelephone operator interrupted him.“Your three minutes are up, sir.Deposit§1 million please."’
Dear TAP,In Issue 27 @ reader said that the Z channel on Theta cableTV can be obtained free, but Theta is making this impos-Sible by installing small white filter boxes on top of thetelephone poles feeding houses with cable TV. This filtercould be bypassed, but a better way is to open the whitebox and remove the insides, replacing it with a Straightpiece of wire. This then looks the same as before. Don'tdo this when police are cruising by; they wouldn't think youwere sleepwalking and ended up on the telepbone pole,-CALIFORNIA-Dear TAP,In the 213 Area (excluding Gen. Tel.) we have an interest-ing method of making free calls. This system works after6 on weekdays and after 5 on weekends. This is when tel-ephone repair service is at a different office and there's acall-diverting device on 611. When repair service is calledyou get a dial tone,- which is then broken by dial pulsing &you get connected to another office. If you disconnect asSoon aS you hear the dial pulsing and call back, an uninter-~rupted dial tone is heard which can be tough~-toned off of.Long distance people can still do this by calling the operatorauxilliary number to repair service(after eight pacific time)and touch-toning the first digit when the dial tone is beard.The dial pulsing will occur, and then they can finish dialingthe rest of the numbers(only in the 213 area).-CALIFORNIA-- Note: By making the first impulse to the digit receiver atone, the receiver then ignores any dial pulses. If a dialpulse is received first, however, all touch tones will beignored. Two aux. no.s are 789-4010 and 346-0009 (213),TAP has courses on Basic Electricity that are easilyunderstood, no matter how little knowledge of Electronicyou already have. You learn by building useful projects andexperiments such as those in TAP. In fact, you should beable to build any project in TAP after 6 courses, which aredO¢ each (free if youcan't afford it), 4 courses are avail-able now, A-Basic Electricity, B-Alternating Current,C-Basic Phones,and D-Amplifiers, with more comingsoon. We urge you to sem for them if you want a quickeducation in electronics.If you want to meet other phreaks in your area, and arewilling to be met, write to Meat, We'll accumulate a listof names and match you up with someone nearby as soon aspossible, and notify you both.Published for informational purposes onlyby Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W.42 ST., N.Y.,N.Y. 10036
BULK RATEU. S. POSTAGEPAIDPermit No.209Great Neck, N. Y.