BOOK OF THE YEAR 
Years ago Jacques Bergier co-authored The jiorning 
of the 
‘ieians, which I considered a bewildering 
but fascinating 
ores 
ent of facts, theories, speculations, conjectures, 
and absurdities, Since reading his latest book, I'll delete 
the last word. 
The first portion of Secret Armies traces the history of 
industrial spying, descrTbes 
mahy lost discoveries, and is 
far more 
erage comedian, 
"The special service set up in 
Essen in 1920 was able to 
Keep the French from finding the giant cannon Imovn as the 
Pariskanone which had bombarded the French capital in 1918: 
they turned it into a huge factory chimney." 
"There is a tale of en industriel-espionage agent who, in 
the heyday of American industrial expansion, went from floor 
to floor in the HO of a very important corporation, pushing 
a small wheeled teacart and informing each office:! 
secret documents. Please put them on the table.’ Legend 
has it he then rolled off with them and was never seen again! 
One private detective wrote: "The victims themselves make 
things easier for industriel spies by marking their letters 
PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL and drawing attention to them." 
The second portion remains fascinating but the mood 
changes - as it describes some proposed and actual weapons. 
"I am led to believe that work is being done on the crea~ 
tion of a field of force which could change all insulators 
into conductors, and vice versa. According to quantum theory, 
this ie quite possible." 
One chapter describes secret manuals and magazines, If 
you enjoy reading Telco's confidential manuals, imagine what 
it would be like reading these! Polywater ('Polycrap", as 
one sceptic called it) is also mentioned. Also an H-Bomb 
"Lightning rod", which would be effective, unlike the fraud- 
ulent ripoff Safeguard (sic) AH! System. For camera fans, 
wiet FD3 manufactured at Riga, which is the envy of 
the 
whole world. It looks like a fine chronometric wrist- 
watch, is practically undetectible, and takes excellent pic- 
tures. With slight modification of setting, it can be used 
for microfilming documents, Until now, no other country has 
turned out anything like it." 
Tre search for invisibility is mentioned, of course. And 
there's the intermediate explosive, "One such exists, which 
can be made by mixing a common commercial detergent with 
aluninun powder. Police everywhere are terrified of this 
falling into the hands of bombers, who might blow up not 
only their target, but the entire neighborhood eround it, 
For specialists, we may say that this involves some fifty 
megajoules per kilogram of explosive, without need for out~ 
side oxygen. (for comparison, a kilogram of TNT provides 4.2 
megajoules), And there's the antipetroleum microbe, and 
Catalyst C, which would dissolve all paper. 
The last third of the book continues in this vein: Setel- 
lites which can detect a single individuel on the ground, or 
a submerged submarine even when it's not moving. Californium 
252, which has a critical mass of only a few grams so that 
an A-Bomb could be carried in and fired frome rifle. It 
concludes by describing 17 possible "local" vars: South 
Africa vs Black Africa, The Revolt Against Western Civilize- 
tion, China Against Indie, X Against the United States, The 
Great Panic... 
One is reminded of H. G, 
Wells’ statement thet "Human 
hietory becomes more and more a race between education and 
catastrophe." Ve epparently are in the home stretch, I 
think I'll go fishing. Or feed the squirrels, Or drop acid 
at the Brooklyn Botanicel Garden, 
oP 
INFORMATION WANTED 
Shhhh! Infrasonics and ultrasonics and microwaves, all of 
which are inaudible, can produce remarkable effects on 
people. A certain frequency around Thertz will cause an 
involuntary relaxation of the anal sphincter muscles. Other 
frequencies will produce other remarkable effects - lethal 
if of sufficient intensity. Remember the Sonic Disrupters 
of Star Trek? We'd like 
more information about generators 
From ‘the Big Brother Game: "a device 
which is about the 
size of a transistor radio and produces RF energy at a freq- 
uency of about 388mc. 
... These devices are fairly simple 
to put together and the plans are commercially available... 
The French police are supposedly using a device which con- 
sists of a high frequency sound generator (about 25-35KHz) 
coupled to high efficiency tweeters and some concentrating 
baffles. The device vaguely resembles @ hand held bull horn 
and is used for ‘crowd control'..." 
=~. 
aw” 
NOV 1976 
NO. 40 
Dear Jim, 
Letters can be sent free by 2 method that has not yet ap- 
peared in TAP, It is ecological to recycle old envelopes, 
and if the envelopes are the type which businesses use (that 
have the metered postage on them and are never postmarked), 
then a stamp isn't even necessary! A large number of this 
type of envelope can be obtained by filling out Bingo (Readers' 
Service) Cards in many magazines. Professional journals 
give the best results. 
Kercheeeeeeecep, 
Edward Extract 
Westchester Phone 
Phreak Ass'n 
(WestPhreak) 
tabloid) and a 
copy of our Alternative Tec 
ine. 
If you purchase a service c 
gh IBM for your 
Selectric, you may be able to talk the serviceman into giving 
you several extra elements. 
is 
the w 
a variety of typing balls. 
it can no longer be sold by IBM. 
Hence, ifa servicemar 
replaces someone's element, he has one to 
service contract is great, I had about $: 
done on my machine for $45. 
We are presently in the market for a composer - 
machine that will give us justified copy: We hav 
that the best choice is the Compugraphic Exe 
$3500, That's a little steep considering the fact 
th 
gross only $7,000 a year 
P 
priced used one, please inform us. 
We'd like info on a Diesel powered heat pump mentioned 
in Barry Commoner's The 
r, I'm 
that it is even manufactured. We can provide 
some in: 
electric cars. We are working on a design that should 
double the performance of EV's such as the Elear and 
Citicar, We also have a design for a CB accessory that 
will provide a clear channel. It is similar but better than 
the design that Lafayette Radio 
uses. The repeater club 
here in Indianopolis has bypassed Bell's mobile telephone 
monopoly and has their own setup. This is a considerable 
investment but it's a lot cheaper than renting equipment 
from Bell, 
Icarus Free 
c/o FLEX 
626 E 52nd St. 
Indianapolis, IN 46205 
ACHTUNG! 
For information about TAP in special media (Braille or 
cassette) contact: Steve, Care of R,O,, Box 1241, GPO 
NY 10001. Must spell out "Care of". 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted wo 
WARNING: We will prosecute 
copyright violato
Of course, there are ways to put some sand in THEIR 
Vaseline too, both legally and otherwise : 
UP YOURS! 
Suit attacks 
Their Mail 
mail monopoly 
,Grounded 
by 
WASHINGTON (AP) — A former 
post- 
been Sneed i 
ronnie 
Tom Edison 
rer gua nig» ea atch 
s leading 
9 legal 
attack 
mailboxes tq Lacey Township 
and adjacent 
ley Town: 
the financially alling mail agency 
ip 
sillions 
of dotars per year. 
ice anid that the charges 
‘a. Edward Day, posunasier general In 
Sfsih Toma iver end Heol 
. 
the early 19000 and now a lawyer for an 
Winn, about 20, “of Forest 
Some of you may have noticed the new title for this.column, 
‘of bulk mailers, filed the 
River, have been referred to 
formerly known as "Odds & Ends", I was underwhelmed by the 
ee ert aa Red Gavan 
Ths easy were 
erred 
complete lack of reader response to my request for suggestions 
‘seboopoly on third class, or advertising, 
Pruradey after 
residents 
in the 
of a new title! Talk about apathetic, lazy babtards!11 The only 
wail. ra, ‘monopoly was created by 
plaints Seita 
was arrested by 
response I received was from Sam, 1/2 of the notorious and 
‘tera law a have available to us the 
Satori entd thal 
Bale tod 
infamous Litchfield Larcenists, who is now studying computers 
them to Winn, 
ata midwestern university. You really get to know who your 
friends are in a pinch. And speaking of TAP friends, let me 
welcome Stan W., 
the Polish Pride of Parlin, into our fold, 
Stan's interests are fast electronic circuits, fast cars, and 
even faster women, not necessarily in that order! 
UP YOURS will act as a reader's forum and as such I welcome 
letters containing new & interesting ideas, improved electronic 
circuits, and sclutions to various problems. Newspaper items 
of importance will be reprinted along with my acid (I hope!) 
commentary on what's really happening with all of the Big 
Brother Monopolies. 
‘This month's Big Brother Report is on Pa Bell's record 
$1 billion profit and the action taken the same day by N. J. 
Bell to help celebrate Pa's killing : 
AT&T Profit = ever 
Rel ear 
A Record $1B 
NEWARK (AP) — Oral arguments 
American Telephone & Tele- 
have concluded in a request by New 
‘graph Co. reported yexterday that 
‘ahernative 
of using private carriers,” he 
Said In an interview Thursday. 
My apologies for not having my columns ready for the Oct 
issue of TAP, With the opening of school and the start of my 
classes in September, I just didn't have the time to write 
them up. Besides, Mr. Phelps had been bitching that he had 
enough shit already typed to fill an issue. Even though it 
hurts my ego to admit it, the Oct issue was excellent in my 
opinion. I wonder if the Borden Company will appreciate the 
sharp increase in sales of Elmer's Glue~All that he helped 
to create? Jim has done for Elmer's what I'd like to think 
T've done for the manufacturers of 10 K ohm resistors, 1 MFD 
capacitors, and 56 volt Zener diodes! And speaking of 56 volt 
Zener diodes, I'll be damned if I could find one in Cin Sity the 
other day! I was both pleased and annoyed--pleased to realize 
that all of you home fone experimenters are playing around 
with some of the circuits I've shown yet annoyed that you'd be 
greedy enough to wipe out the supply at all the stores! Couldn't 
you have left me one Zener?! 
A word of warning to all TAP military personnel screwing 
AUTOVON--Uncle Sam is apparently out to get you : 
We'll catch you 
‘Those who continue to use 
According to Parker, once 
AUTOVON and other military 
an ilegal call nas been ident- 
telephone systems for person- 
ified, the rest ls merely paper- 
aicalls canexpecttobebilledat work. The abuser 
is confronted 
Jersey Bell for a $181 million rate 
hike. 
itn profit 
in the three-month 
‘As 
part of the rate hike consideration, 
the PUC will decide whether to allow 
period ended Aug. 31 climbed 25% from 
he same span a year earlier to a record 
New Jersey Beil to charge for directory 
assistance calls, as the utility has re- 
w01 
. Revenues of $8.2 billion 
were up 12.7%, 
quested. 
How's that for sticking it to us without any Vaseline? 
Pa Bell ain't the only monopoly sticking it to us! It looks 
like the Postal Monopoly has found a new way to subsidize 
the appropriate commercial by his commander 
and sskedto 
themselves using OUR undelivered mail ; 
Oaare cebenecn eres 2° aaa pacity nn teaxe 
In fect, reports 
ahow tat catent says Parker, 
“To the 
° 
° 
een collected by USAFE HO. people Apso al wehave 
here in a sto 
iffort to 
U.S. to auction mail 
Ey dy 
See teat 
“tim TRA WOrSia0UL” 
eae Mal. recently uncovered 
were made 
to local auto garages, civillan 
banking tacllities and even to 
the Playboy Club in London. 
‘The llon’s share, however, were 
ripped open 
WASHINGTON (AP) — If your collec 
tion of Conway Twitty's greatest hits 
never arrived 
tn the mail, chances 
are it's 
for a 
Purpose — helping the 
problems. 
‘The Pastal Service is making profits 
from auetioning off books and records 
‘after its new mail sorting machines have 
ripped them from their wrappers. 
‘Spokesmen for the book and record in- 
dustries 
sald Tuesday that thelr merchan- 
dise has received unprecedented damage 
jn the mail since the Postal Service began 
using an automated system for sorting 
packages. 
But tn many eases, the book o record 
isn't damaged. It's simply separated 
from its packaging — and iis address — 
by the machines, 
they said, In these 
cases, postal regulations 
allow the intact 
book oF record to be auctioned off after a 
GOday. walting period. 
Congressional in 
criticized 
some of the devices 
used to sort 
packages as “nonsense machines” that 
cause needless damage. 
“When the Postal Service can auction 
‘ff books that became loose in the malt 
{tis gives it an economic renson not to lo- 
cate the rightful owner.” Leo Albert. a 
tigators have 
‘spokesman for the book 
in- 
dustry, told House Post Office subcom- 
mittee, 
‘The Postal Service has announced a 
moratorium on auctions of books and 
records from June 1 to Aug. 31 while it 
looks for alternatives to the auctions. The 
Industries are pressing for an end to auc- 
tons. 
‘A spokesman for the financially traubl- 
Postal Service sald no figures are 
lable on the proceeds from postal 
-suetloas since the service's billion dollar 
bulk mail system was completed this 
‘year, The mall agency says books and 
Fecords are its biggest problems in the 
new system. 
‘The spokesman 
sald the loose Items in 
‘the mall “frequently are eaused by poor 
‘wrapping, He sald postal rates for books 
and records are very low “and wo Rave 
found that book pul 
‘and record 
‘companies very aften won't invest 
in good 
‘wrapping 
materiats."” 
Be instr Tepresentatives disputed 
this, 
“Our packaging 
is as good now a3 
it's ever been, if not 
better," said Albert, 
chairman of Prentice-Hall International 
and head of the postal committee of the 
‘Association of American Publishers. 
Albert sald the damage rate, if un- 
corrected, may cause book publishers to 
abandon the Postal Service for commer. 
cial parcel companies, despite the low 
mail rate for books. 
“We don't 
have to listen in 
{dividual of ‘lect 
al 
ing @ personal 
call. Gut it Capt. Jones calls 
Mra. JonesinSanFrancisco, we 
have a pretty good idea its not 
official business,” 
to the U.S. according ‘to a 
‘spokesman. One individual at 
the air bass here has paid $549 
for itegal calls, Another In the 
Wiesbaden area ia the record 
bala (Courtesy Cape Rober 
L- 
Tobias, Hg. ECA) 
Let me end my column with a very enterprising news clip 
from the New York Daily News : 
Xeroxing a Felony 
Build « better mouse trap and some rodent will find a way to spring {t. 
‘That nema to be happening to Xerox Corp, which built = better copying 
mackine — the 6560 color model, and now counterfeiters are, according to 
Feports, using the device to tarn out bogul money orders, food stamps, stock 
certificates and mundry paper currencies. 
Following a West Coaat report that some corporations have formed a task 
ferea with government agencies to defuse the racket, Xerox tasced « statement, 
yesterday noting: “Xerox Corp. 
has been rare for & long tims of the concern 
of various government agencies, banking and financial institutions and thelr 
industry organizations about the possibility of the Xerox 6500 eoler copler 
belng used te‘ilegally reproduce copies of various negotiable documents, 
“Many solutions are belng implemented ... Oviously, we eannot publicize 
he datails of rach preventive methods.” 
Xerox aleo said 
seostomers. “Look,” eal 
fects {t ean't police the use of {ts copiers by ite 
pokeaman, 
is General Motors responsible for that Y 
‘© Chevvy fs ased in a bank robbery,
BLACK BOX UPDATE! 
by 
Tom Edison 
Here are some new Black Box circuits for your listening 
pleasure. The first is a Snoop Lite that will work on Boxed 
calls. If you will recall, the original Snoop Lite (See issue 
#29, Oct 1975) is connected in series with one side of the 
fone line which means that the lite needs to have the full line 
current flowing through it to light up. When an extension fone 
VOICE SUPERVISION 
DETECTOR 
MODEL 68 
@ DETECTS BLACK BOX OR 2600 H2 FRAUD. 
@ TOTALIZES OCCURRENCES AND TOTAL TIME 
TIMED AUDIO AND A.C, OUTLETS 
or party line fone is picked up, the line voltage drops and the 
la MANUAL OR AUTO (OPTIONAL) FRAUD DEFEAT CONTROL 
line current through the lite decreases causing the lite to go out 
out indicating that a "snoop" is listening in. When Boxing, the 
10 K ohm resistance reduces line current to such a low value 
that the lite cannot be lit. With this circuit, a Light Emitting 
Diode or LED is used in place of the conventional snoop lite. 
‘The LED works on the low current level created by a Boxed 
call. The Zener diode across the LED is to protect the LED 
from the high 90-105 volt AC ringing current. Now, if some 
nosy bastard tries to listen to your Boxed calls, you'll know 
about it, And please remember that if someone does pick up on 
on your Boxed calis, the billing WILL start at the local CO! 
This circuit will NOT work with your own battery supplied 
Black Box because with your own battery to operate the fone 
carbon mouthpiece you draw_NO line current from the local 
CO. You must also know your correct fone line Ring & Tip 
voltage polarity to operate the LED, 
S,=SPST MoMENTARY 
S,+ SPST 
CzIMFD leo wvoc 
NON- POLAR 
Dit 2ver toma LED 
Das Ever t wart 2ENER 
Correct fone line polarity can sometimes be a hassle, 
especially if your Black Box is a portable unit moved from 
room to room or house to house. An interesting solution to 
this problem is the Bi-Polar Auto Black Box : 
Diy 2 100 vorT 
1 ARP 
Zs56u. Swarr 
Dy 
“peee® ZENER 
To 
Fone 
FONE p 
Feats 
LIne 
oPDT 
Cz tMFD tee voc 
Nen- POLAR 
“NORMAL® 
‘This is basically the same circuit as in issue #36 but in 
place of the rectifier diode there is a full wave bridge with 
the 56 volt Zener diode across the DC output. The Zener diode 
will momentarily "answer" your fone regardless of line Ring 
& Tip polarity, The full wave bridge will rectify the AC ringing 
voltage to a pulsating DC of the correct polarity to fire the 
Zener diode. With the switch in the normal position, the IMFD 
capacitor is shorted, the diode bridge is out of the circuit, and 
battery is being supplied by the local CO. When your fone rings, 
flip the switch to the free position. This removes the short 
across the capacitor and puts it in series with the line, blocking 
any DC current from the CO but passing any audio signals, 
‘This also puts the diode bridge across the fone line which 
then momentarily conducts to fire the Zener diode and stop 
your fone from ringing. At the same time your own battery 
is connected to the mouthpiece circuit for operation. Cheap 
full wave bridge rectifiers are available from Radio Shack-Up. 
My Black Box Update wouldn't be complete without some 
info on the Black Box Detectors being built by Hekimian Labs: 
‘The Hekimian Model GB Voice Supervision Detector is 
designed to detect and record occurrences of Blac: Box 
and 2600 Hz fraud. 
It combines the latest integrated 
circuit technology with sophisticated.detection techniques 
to insure reliable froud detection. By totalizing both fraud 
‘occurrences and the total time of fraud duration it provides 
the user with extensive information on subscriber activity: 
Black Box or 2600 Hz fraud detection modes are 
front panel switch. In both mades, each 
is recorded on the OCCURRENCES total- 
time, in minutes, of the call duration 
initiation is recorded on the 
TOTAL TIME totalizer, 
Accessory outputs providing 
switched ac, switched dry contacts, and audio are activa. 
ted by fraud occurrence and may be timed aver three 
fats or left on continuously until an 
jon of the Black Box fraud occurs, 
Off-hook end fraud 
indicator fights are also provided. 
Black Box fraud is detected by sensing the presence 
of voice energy 
without a predetermined amount of 
il 
‘A Black Box FRAUD DEFEAT 
ly provide off-hock supervision 
wy be performed auiomatically 
to discourage this type of subscriber 
or, as an option, tt 
upon fraud detect 
activity. 
2600 He fraud is detected by recognizing the prosene> 
of 2600 Hz. Protective circuitry guards against voice simu- 
tation. 
When connected in series with a subscriber's loop, 
either 2600 Hz or Black Box fraud detection may be selec- 
ted, The unit may alto be bridged ecross the loop if onty 
‘2600 Hz detection is 
required. 
‘The unit is housed in a small rugged transit case and may 
bbe ordered with an optional security tock feature. 
tweuT 
Series Connection 
Insertion loss 
1.0.48, typical 
Bridging Connection 
Input impedance 
Greater than 100K 
Ground Connection 
——Not required 
TOTALIZERS 
‘Occurrences 
0 to 9999 occurrences 
‘manual reset 
‘Tors! Time 
0 to 9999 minutes 
manual reset 
ACCESSORY OUTPUTS 
‘Switched-a.c. 
115 VAC at 100 watts 
Dry Contacts 
2.0 amp a.c. maximum 
Audio 
600 chm batanced 
Timing 
1.2, 3minutes or 
continuous 
POWER 
105 
to 125 VAC 0-60 
Hz 
watts 
DIMENSIONS 
6" Hx" Wx75"D 
{with cover) 
WEIGHT 
tbs,
TUNING YOUR ORGAN 
Many people have at one time or another the need for 
accurate tones of a certain frequency for calibrating sig- 
nal generators or an oscilloscope. We have in the past 
(Issues 7 and 12) shown that Touch-Tone phones and elec- 
tronic organs have precise outputs and we have published 
the frequencies of the keys. Now, their is a simple, low 
cost frequency generator available. Altaj Electronics sells 
Kit 013 for $15.75 (free postage), and it is advertised as 
a 1 MHz crystal-controlled oscillator with digitally divided- 
down outputs of 100 KHz, 10 KHz, 1 KHz, 100 Hz, 10 Hz, 
1 Hz and.1 Hz. This is perfect for tuning the individual 
ranges of a signal generator, or making sure that your 
oscilloscope displays a square wave with 10 complete 
cycles occupying 10 divisions, when the time base is set 
at 1 milliseconds per division and feeding in a 1 KHz tone. 
Accuracy is .005% or better when adjusted with a frequency 
counter, which can be borrowed for the occasion. 
These frequencies themselves are not especially useful, 
except that they are convenient for calibrating devices that 
will be used as frequency references. Send a check or 
money order to Altaj Electronics, P, 0. Box 38544, Dallas, 
Texas 75238, Kit 014 is similar but uses TTL devices on 
the PC board instead of CMOS. Since CMOS uses much 
less power, we recommend it above TTL, so order KIT 
013. The kit 
comes complete with all parts, PC board, but 
less power supply, which can be bought from them for $6. 50. 
Due to the kit's low price, we do not recommend building 
it on your own and saving a few dollars. PC boards are to 
be preferred for IC projects because they solder quicker, 
and this means less heat to the chips. We suggest you buy 
the kit rather than attempt to etch your own board. 
Dear TAP people, 
‘Thank you for telling your readers about Dawn Enterprises! 
products: life extension data, vitamins and food additives, 
Libertarian Connection (our publication, which also con- 
tains life extension data), Unfortunately, you seem to have 
implied that we have available electronic plans from Don 
Britton Enterprises. In fact, we have no electronic plans, 
catalogs, or products. The Libertarian Information Coop- 
erative has no connection (no pun intended) with the LC and 
the LIC's statement that Dawn Enterprises would forward 
letters to them was made without asking our permission. In 
fact, we will not forward letters to LIC, or any other organ- 
ization, We would greatly appreciate your informing your 
readers of these facts. 
Sincerely, 
Lisa Dawn 
Box 90913 
Worldway Postal Center 
Los Angeles, CA 90009 
Sorry to have caused everyone inconvenience. JP. 
dail phone calls 
Te New York Telephone 
bed in 
N.Y.C, tat td. investigators Bed 
its 
investiga 
a 
fF 
in an area 
fc 
Distt Judge Marvin Frankel 
all ‘elephones hadebeen, «= TAP, 152 W. 
has ordered revisions at the 
traced to the 23 pay phones 
federal detention facility in 
‘scattered 
throughout 
the 
Meas 
to curb fraudulent — 12-story jail. 
;-distance telephone calls 
More than 100 prisoners 
cost an estimated $100,000 
made a total of 200 fraudulent: 
since August 1975. 
calls a day to places as far 
Frankel Friday ordered that 
away as South America. 
40 
the 23 pay telephones available 
“The company threatened to 
at the Manhattan Correctional 
Center be converted to “re 
stricted dialing,” which will 
permit calls to’ the 212 area 
code only. 
In addition, Frankel said, 
the center will install 22 long- 
distance telephones to be rout- 
wiamrcictatecas | Che Record 
to be charged to the inmates’ 
commissary accounts. 
‘Advance written authoriza- 
tion by the inmate will be re- 
quired for each call he wishes 
to charge to his c 
‘account, Frankel said. 
INFORMS 
The Record is a FINK! 
2 FOR 1 
The best part of working at TAP is opening and reading 
the mail. Answering letters is also fun. Laying out issues 
is at least creative. Filling orders is a drag, and mailing 
out each issue has become incredible drudgery. Since no 
one has come in to help out, we will begin sending out issues 
two ata time. This will reduce our labor and postage and 
envelope costs by half. True, it will mean you will have to 
wait an extra month or so for every other issue, but it's 
better than if we decided "Fuck it!" and quit entirely, isn't 
it? If we had enough people we could put out a 24 page 
issue each month, and it's all the fault of you NYC area 
readers that we don't. 
Back Issues are 50¢ each, 40¢ each if you order 30 or 
more, 
Subscriptions 
- 10 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $6. 
Canada & Mexico stapled $6. Foreign $7. 
IMPORTANT! Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
when writing to TAP about your subscription. 
Book- Monopoly $1.20 
(Courses - 50¢ each A - Basic Electricity.B- A. C. 
C - Basic 
Phone Operation.D - Amplifiers. 
Send only check or money order (NO CASH) to 
TAP, 152 W 42 Street, Room 418, New York 10036 
This is a mail drop only. 
7 
OFFICE: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York 10001 
HOURS: WEDNESDAY, 4- 7pm. 
TAPT 
- 
shirts $4. Specify size: Small, Med. ,Large, X-Large. 
See #35 for list of earlier feature articles 
35 - Bulletproof vests, parking meter locks. 
36 - Ultimate (hah!) Red Box, TEL update, 
Discovering unlisted numbers. 
37 - Report from NW Canada, C CIS report 
38 - Jumping Water and Electric Meters and 
alternatives, Black Box info. 
39 - Fighting the Biggest Monopoly, Free 
Postage, Free Xerox. 
CAPTAIN CRUNCH IS OUT! 
You can write him at: Capt. Crunch Consultants, 
P.O, Box 3729, Stanford, CA, 94305 or ledve a message 
with his answering service (415) 965-1557. 
COMING SOON! 
REPORT FROM MERRIE CLDE ENGLAND 
It's not so merry in a Socialist Police State where Big 
Brother controls the Telephone Company, the Post Office, 
the economy, and people's lives, 
INTERVIEW WITH A GRAND GUY 
He doesn't have a colored box, but he does some weird 
things with a phone. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc, 
Address all mail and checks to 
42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036