Well, it's a new year, and I feel many of you want to know 
the full story behind YIPL. My name is Al Bell, and a few 
of us started this on Mayday, in 1971. YIPL is the result of 
one phone phreak‘s realization that the Military-Industrial 
Komplex is not just a term you learn in school, but a force 
that controls the planet Earth from the country America. It 
became apparert to me that the vast majority of people are 
being used as pawns, as slaves to make a few multi-million- 
aires even richer. It's all done through MIC, whose main 
tactic is Divide and Conquer. Most people don't agree with 
me, thus proving how effective that tactic is, So people war 
with each other, and the pigs get richer. And one company 
bas accumulated such an impressive shelf of pork that this 
company, more than any other company, represents the 
robber -barrons that dare to defecate on our world. This 
company is, in fact, the largest company in the World. Ma 
Bell is a mother of a fucker. 
‘Though we are quite effective in helping people to steal 
back what is rightfully theirs, and we have also truly given 
@ veritable kick in the groin, our purpose is mainly to make 
people think the question, "Why are they ripping 
off the phone 
company?", because once they do the answer will be obvious. 
YIPL members are actors in a play, and the world is watch- 
ing. And we're having a lot of fun! 
1973 looks like the year of the climax. The phone company's 
on our ass but if they touch us it won't be quietly. A lot of 
people hate the phone company from down deep, but they've 
never really given it enough thought to link it with world 
problems. If YIPL goes on trial, people are going to ask 
themselves questions, and that's all we want, 
YIPL has in the past been too difficult to understand, and 
we're trying to understand. Often we've been technically sim- 
Pleminded, and we apologise to the numerous geniuses out 
there who patiently write in and tell us, but we're learning. 
Basically we're trying to digest the hard stuff, and print in 
Simpler terms for use by beginners up. But there are lots 
of things all of us can do. For example, Ma Bells new ways 
of catching blue boxers will be fouled up if we put in false 
indications of a BB. One way is to pick up your phone, and 
all your friends, dial long-distance info, and whistling 2600 
The PHONE COM- The PUBLIC 
‘This is a picture of the top 
notes of a standard 
piano. 
‘The E note is 2637 cycles, 
slightly higher than the 
long-distance disconnect 
frequency. 
Just about everyone has something to offer to a reader- 
supplied newsletter. Ripoffs, recipes, credit card codes, 
loop numbers, test numbers, outrageous news, computor 
Passwords, overseas city codes, impending investigations, 
and anything else you'd like to share. We're never amazed 
too much by you people, you're all fantastic. If you're at 
all worried about being traced, write us on a business or 
school typewriter. We'll destroy your letter immediately if 
you want us to. 
‘YTPL needs more readers. Okay? Please help us, your- 
selves, and your friends by having all your 
fr 
be 
now, especially 
if they're in the midwest, Canada, Florida, 
Northern 
New England, and Louisiana, Georgia, Carolina, and 
Kentucky. We need to round out our distribution. 
Don't miss the opportunity! There is only one YIPL. Help 
make it great. 
The REGULATORY COM= 
cycles for a second and hanging up. This causes many wasted PANY has its say... is forced to pay... MISSION mumbles "otk." 
man-hours until they realize it was a false alarm. If we all 
do this from time to time, the BB detectors will be use~ 
Several readers have written us regarding last month's 
less. And don't worry, it's legal to whistle. And fun, too! 
Your friends will dig doing it, and showing other people 
how also. 2600, by the way, is the highest "E” on a 88 key 
Plano. Practice on an info operator, and when you hear a 
click after your whistle, you've hit it. 
highway robbery of the American people by AT&T and the 
Public Screwing Commission, We feel it inappropriate to 
comment on the rate increase as we are not affected by 
the new rates. Yippie!
A SURE CURE FOR MESSAGE UNITS 
‘The major cause of high phone bills are those little 
message units, The only areas with unlimited outgoing 
service are the golden ghettos; those who could afford 
it but don't have to pay. Anyway, you can get around 
many of those annoying message units with the Black Box, 
also known as a mute, an Agnew, an incoming device. The 
versatile YIPL model is the simplest unit you can build, if 
you haven't done so, get issue no. ll and do it, 
‘The Black Box won't Jet you receive calls free unless they 
are long distance, If they're local, and you answer on "Free" 
you'll be disconnected in up to 20 seconds. However, many 
times we call friends just for a second to see if they're home, 
or to tell them to come down an open the door, or pick them 
up because their train just arrived. These calls often last 
less than 15 seconds, but they cost message units, and those 
Uttle buggers add up. (No offense meant). Here's how todo 
it 
‘When you're expecting your friend to call, flip switch to 
"Free" and then pick up. The phone 
will be ringing loudly in 
your ear, but you'll be able to hear your friend between the 
READER SUPPLIED 
Dear YIPL, 
A good source of overseas info is The International Tele- 
communications Union, Write for their list of Publications. 
ITV, Place des Nations, 12ll-Geneva 20, Switzerland. (15¢) 
I recommend a)List of operator phrases, b)Instructions for 
international tele. service, c)List of telephone routes, and 
d)List of telephone cables. 
Dear folks, 
. 
If you want a great catalog of telephone equiptment entitled, 
ironically, "Control by tones" write to Bramco Controls 
Division, Ledex, Inc. , 
and South St. , Piqua, Ohio, 
45356 or phone 513 773-8271. Ask for catalog 303 and Bull- 
etins 201 and 204, Tell them you saw it advertised in Tele- 
Phony, It contains every possible tone the phone company 
uses and their EJA code. Keep up the good work, R.A., 
‘Tucson, Arizona 
Dear Phellow Phreax, 
‘Two queries for you. First: Lets say I wanted to call a transit 
country. Dow I need KP2. How do I go about using it? 
Seconé How do I verify a line once the operator plugs me into 
a no-test trunk? OH 
Oh yes! The "Public" service Commission (should be the 
Public Screwing Commission) has O, K'd a teico regulation that 
4f you 
ge two lines in your house, they must be the same type 
of service. They won't let you get an unlimited and a regular 
fone. Either one or the other, Must make more bux, you know, 
One more thing; If you want to get equiptment, any kind that's 
used in a home, (touch-tone, trim-line, speaker-phone, card 
dialer, etc.) get a friend, or yourself, who is moving in a few 
weeks to have a bunch of goodies installed. If it gets stolen after 
you move, its not your fault. Ma Bell eats tricky dick, X. 
One reader reports that he built a black box and 10,000 ohms 
was too low to disconnect in his area. If anyone has doubt of 
their area, test your black box as in the instructions(issue 11). 
Simply pick up your phor.2, and when you get a dial tone, switch 
to "Free", If the dial tone stops, cool, otherwise use a higher 
resistor, like 12,000 ohms, or 15,000 ohms. Try not to go lower 
than 10, 000 ohms. 
. 
For the "Keep up the good work department": 
SF Bay Area- Identification number 640, Sometimes plant 
rings. They should loudly give their message, between the 
rings, and hany up, You can answer them if you want, Even 
if the phone is tapped, the beauty of this system is that those 
listening can't tell if the two of you are simply on extensions 
at the calling party's house! And since your friend hangs up 
before you answer, of course there is no charge, 
Sure, this isn't for long conversations, but it's easy, fun 
and saves money on those little messaye units. Even though 
a special, expensive test unit can detect a black box on your 
line if they know you already have one, it won't detect it at 
all if you use it like this for under two minutes, or fifteen 
ings, Don't hesitate to try it if you have a message unit 
problem each month, Our black box plans are so easy that 
anyone, and you too, can build it for one dollar in 30 minutes. 
‘When calling to see if stores are open, friends are home, 
etc., hang up the 
second you hear the phone answered and 
you won't have to pay for the call, EVEN 
IF THE CALL IS 
LONG DISTANCE, Works great from pay phones, all of them! 
Just think, you may never answer your phone again! 
INFORMATION 
Personnel answer and ask caller to identify self, and then 
they connect you to computor who reads back your number. 
Sometimes only during daytime. Ident(Reno)-444, Lake Tahoe- 
21, SF Bay Area touchtone check is 960-then last 4 digits of 
your line. When you hear dial tone dial 1 through 0. If tones 
and levels correct, "beep-beep" will follow. Dial 2 and hang 
up, and will ring tack, 
If it 
is true that Bell is making a record of incoming calls 
to called numbers ringing for more than 5 minutes, this can 
be an invitation to really bug them by calling (locally) assor- 
ted places-stores at night, outdoor pay phones, etc, Let them 
ring endlessly and they'li make needless printouts or te up 
equiptment doing so. Unable to confirm that they're doing this 
but at least they're experimenting with it. 
Recent trick locally if they have you under suspicion is to 
have a foreman accompany installer or repairn:an to your 
Place. Joker is really a security agent and have been known 
to leave radio bugs on premises, not on phone line. I know of 
one concealed behind head board in bedroom to get "pillow- 
talk". Never allow more than one installer on place, or if you 
have reason not to allow them to enter-someone sick, scarlet 
fever, etc. 
Walnut creek Cal. service desk order recorder 415 937+ 
2762, Codeafone recorder that answers to repairman to call 
in their time of day ending. These model 700 codeafones will 
keep recording as long as voice signal incoming. They can be 
bugged by playing music for max, 45 minutes to fill up tape 
which they have to wade thru to check for regular info, 
Cheap way to get 2 lines in your home at lowest cost in Cal, 
Get a one party flatrate, Have it put on "vacation rate" which 
good to max. 7 months that can then be extended indefinitely, 
Possibility little argument with business office rep that you're 
on vacation. Use line for outgoing call, at half price. Then order 
@ one party "survival fone"which allows 30 mu. Have the one 
party flatrate unlisted. The 30 mu. listed and for incoming calls 
will cost $2.25/mo, The flatrate is $4.80; vacation rate $2. 40, 
Thus you get two lines(one 2-way and one outgoing only) for $4. 65. 
That's less than the flatrate two-way. Of course the 30 mu. can 
be used for outgoing, no extra charge up to 30. Only catch is the 
"survival" fone not supposed to be in same "living quarters" as 
other fones, but have it installed in extra bedroom that belongs 
to a boarder or to your "Aunt Minnie", Have them installed at 
different times,
TELEPHONE DECODER 
Model 250 Universal Telephone 
Decoder 
features automatic 
printout of both Touch-Tone and 
rotary dial signals, Instrument 
records date of call, off-hook time, 
on-hook time, and responds to 
asterisk and keyboard symbols 
whenever these special 
functions 
are utilized. Printed indication of 
the 
of 2600 Hz tones is 
available optionally. 
Speciat 
Features: Model has 
Bolarity-independent input 
<ir- 
cuitry, 
je line loading 
intenally’p 
protected against high 
voltage line transients, 
VOICEPRINT LABORATORIES, 
Why not call some manufacturers and tell them where to go? 
Other anti-phone phreak devices are manufactured by 
Hekimian Labs, 322 N. Stonestreet Ave. , Rockville, Md. 
Tel: 301 424-3160. Also Teltronics, P,O, Box 13, Lakeland 
Fla, 33802. Tel:813 683-7409. The Teltronics device only 
detects 2600 pulses greater than 0.1 second, but the Hek- 
iman device prints out any number you dial with a Blue Box 
after it detects 2600 cycles on the line. Though the device 
has only one line capacity, it can be put on the outgoing 
lines of a Central Office, and any one of the 10, 000 lines 
will turn the device on and record the number boxed. Of 
course a phoney credit card call will also give them the 
number dialed, and we get away with those all the time. 
But make sure that if you call friends with a box, they 
should not use a box on their line, and don't stay on long 
enough to be traced. 
DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE 
YIPL is starting a new service for its readers, If you send us 
information, preferably printed matter, or your own plans, etc., 
we will send you back other information, If you want a specific 
type of info, let us know and we'll try, but we have almost nothing 
right now. Otherwise, we'll send you random information such 
as would be printed in YIPL; the same amount that you send us. 
However, you must send us a stamped, self-addressed envelope 
to hold as much info as you send us. This is going to be a great 
way to increase your own library of useful and useless info. Try 
itt 
BUILD A°T’ NETWORK FOR FUN & PROFIT 
If you live or work near a pay phone, then you might have 
an excellent opportunity waiting for you. It's called the 
T network, and it gives you back your money after a 
phone call. There are many variations, but right now we'll 
explain how it works and the simplest way to do it. 
‘The pay phone stores your money, either to return it or 
to deposit it, depending upon whether a + or a - pulse of 
180 volts is sent to the phone. The pulse is sent down both 
the red and green wires and returns to ground through the 
yellow or the black wires, sometimes both. These wires 
are in a thin cable usually running along the wall near the 
Phone. In an inconspicuous way, carefully slice along the 
wire , exposing the 4 wires. Move the red and green wires 
out of the way, and cut the black and yellow wires, then strip 
off 3/4" of insulation from all four cut ends, Tie the 
Y& B 
on the phone side together, and do the dame for the other pair. 
‘Touch the two twisted pairs together now, and dial direct a 
long distance call, When the operator comes on, deposit the 
amount she asks for, While talking to your friend, discon~ 
nect the two pairs, because after approximately 2 minutes 
and 40 seconds, the pulse will come to collect your initial 
deposit, However, the pulse will no longer be able to flow 
‘through the phone because you disconnected the ground wires. 
It's best to hang up when the operator comes on after 3 minu-- 
tes and says "End of initial period, signal when through". Now 
wait to make sure another pulse doesn't collect your money, 
for at least ten seconds. Then pick up the phone again, and 
re-conncct the wires. You will get a dial tone, so hang up 
and JACK POT, all your money will come down again. 
Since the phone company usually kncws how much there 
should be in the phone at collection time, they will notice 
something amiss. However, you can pull this off for a few 
months and up to a few hundred dollars in calls and then be 
sure never to do it again, because if they find your broken 
wires, they'll stakeout the phone to catch you. Best to de it 
for only 4 weeks and then stop for 6 months, 
Keep wires securely twisted together 
when not in use, so phone works 0. k.
LAST CHANCE! 
"Steal This Book" by Abbie Hoffman, the most contr-versial 
book of our time is being called off sale because the distrib- 
utor ended up stealing the bread. We have 500 copies left. 
Price $2. 50(includes postage)-50 books-$55.00. Pirate 
Editions, 640 Broadway, 
N. ¥.,N. Y. 10012 
fly 
— 
Zohn Draper, alleged to be Captain Crunch, pleaded no contest 
—— 
to Toll Fraud charges on Noverr.Ser 28 and received a $1000 fine 
AEA 
ana 5 years probation, John's glad the whole thing is over, even 
though the plea bargaining was a little unfairly balanced. Anyway 
— 
the real Captain Crunch informs us that the busy test for San 
Jose is 1999, and that if any of our readers getting an overseas 
trunk by dialing KP Oll XXX ST they should realize that on will 
oily work on IOTC accessable lines, such as N, Y, or California 
information. Most 800 numbers will not accept Oll. The Captain 
also says that stacking trunks is now too dangerous and has no 
BACK ISSUES 50¢ 
useful purposes. 
1 
1- Extensions, conference switches 
973 CREDIT CODE 
2 Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripofis 
New! The New Credit Card Code is the same as last year's 
3- Telecommand Story 
except the code letters are different and the letter stands 
~ 
4- Pay Phone Issue 
- 
for the 7th digit(last) of the telephone number. 
5~ Blue Box 12 Now obsolete 
Example-941-5430-126N-Honeywell of Minneapolis. 
6- Blue Box 
URW ELK HA ZN 
‘7- Tuning 
your organ 
12 3 45 67 8 9 
0 
8- Credit 
card calls(1972) 
Follow the number of a pig corporation with the code 
9- Super duper project 
Issue 1) 
number 
for the city it's in, Add the letter for the last 
10- 
digit of the phone number and read our Credit Card 
Ul- Receive long distance calls FREE 
fact sheet, 
12- Blue Box Plans 
‘That's all there is to it! 
13- International Calls 
N, Y. -072, 074, 021 L, A. =182 Detroit-096, 083 
4-International Calls + AT&T Papers 
AWanta-035 Boston-001 Houston-151 Miami-044 
1$- This issue Klutz! 
FACT SHEETS-~ 25¢ 
How not to get caught making credit card calls 
British Phone System 
Receiving long distance calls free(Issue 11) 
ANTI-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/$3. 00 
Rigged For Free Calls 
TAP, Room 504, 162 W. 42 8t,,N.¥. ,N.¥, 10036 
Our mailing address~- Never send cash to us. 
en 
I Can change maa 0 st 
Published for informational purposes only 
cold mike eal al ver the worl for fre 
by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
ode 
FREE MONEY 
Bol they fear the phastom has already wired up other cities 
cinch tw 
If your address has a number less than 6 next 
to it, you should 
aan tes 
may be mere ea or your 
renew your subscription with $2. If you don’t, someone(like the 
they believe 
editor) will end up paying for it. If you don't have bread, write 
us 
I 
“This i 0 serious sational probiers.” a Post Office spokes: 
and we'll renew you anyway. 
man caid. “We are making investigations in other towns all 
‘over the coumtry to get to the bottom ofthis trans.” 
‘The Bath aftr was the first “dial 2 isle” fraud in- 
vestigators 
bad cracked. 
‘They found that the Kingshead exchange inthe histor city, 
TAP,152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
‘which dates hack to Roman Times, had been iegally wired and 
‘that af least 2,080 students a1 the university there knew about it. 
Investigators installed » monitor that enabled thera to trace 
the legal cais and trap aise etadents. Each was fined 2 now! 
15 
tal two pots, or H.7, Lak week for “dishonestly obtaining 
electricity 
trom the Post Office.” 
tne apecal dating code that activated the boot-ap to obeals an 
‘pea Tie to anywhere im the world without the call being regis- 
tered, Police said the secret ctreait was “ectensvely wsed.” 
‘The presiint of (he sxiverity’s Stxucot Union Bill Moser, 
sai: "Ita about everyone here knew tbe code. 
“ats born going om for a toms thme and it seems the Post 
Ovtice ie i operating to try to catch the people responsible fur 
arting Chere. But they 9a the wrong people.” 
Petice mid there was “tagaffcient evidence at this stage to 
eatuilieh the Mextity of the person ur persons responsible.” 
tom