The Burglar's Tool Box os 1S 4.by The stainless Steal Rat & %wi<In this series of articles I will providé $ >all sorts of information on making and usingvarious tools for opening locks,windows,doorsand just about anything your little heart desires. 49 qrNow I'm not trying to imply that any TAF reader Tris a burglar or that I am for that matter.Several articles have appeared in past issues TAPof TAF on making your own set of lock-picks,am I will assume you read these.First I have a word about buying lock-picks.Anyone with a set of files and/or a Cremel moto-tool can make & set equal or Supperior to what$s on the market today. siost places alSo chargetotaly outrageous prices, such :s $17 for fivepicks and two tension wrenches, If you can'tbuy .922" snring steel (or is that steal?) youcan go to an automotive store and pick up twosets of automotive gap gauges (.0015" to .038"per set). These will provide you with enoughsteel to maxe a nice set of picks and all kindsof other goodies such as shims and feelers.when you make tension wrenches it is a goodidea to make two of each type (light, medium,and heavy) one set being a little wider than theother. Since not all keyways are the same widtha thin tension wrench will slip and a thick onewill bind the pick in the key way.After you have bent the wrench you must heattreat it. In order to do this heat the wrenchuntil it is bright orange and then throw it intoma can of water, Then polish it with emary clothuntil it Is nice and shiny. Then using an alcoholLamp heat the wrench until it starts to turna light blue color, As s00n as this color startsto show move the pick toward the untreated part.When you are finnisned the wrench should havea nice even color to it. If the color turnsblack or dissapeares you have over-heated thewrench and must start over, since the wrenchwill be too soft and bend.when making picks be Sure to make al) thecurves smooth and even. If the curveis toolarge the pick will get stuck between pins whenraking.Gnce .vu start to pick higher quality lockssuch as 6,7 or 8 pins and mushroom drivers suchas Kedco, it becomes nearly impossible to pickeach pin individually. Your best bet is to movethe pick rapidly up and down and slowly in andout. Also many times the shape of the pickyou are using will not be able to push the last1 or 2 pins down because of the level of thecins that are already picked. Thus if you seethat most of the pins are picked and you are notgetting anywhere, try Switching picks withoutrr leasing the tension.Another device that is very helpful is the~tug spinner, ‘any times a lock picks easilyin one direction. ‘Usually the wrong directioni might add. Thus one picks the lock and thenmses the plug srinner to throw the plug backIn the reverse direction with enough speed sathat the pins don't fall back into place. Tomake one you need a stiff 2" spring that hasait to }" alameter. Take one end and pull itout so that it sticks straight out.Now double the end over itself so that ('it will catch in the Keyway. As a .hantle take a 24" nail and epoxy it ato the other end between the coils. o>You may want to flatten the end oftha nail so that you can use it toturn the cores on Ola or rusted locks.To use the spinner, pick a lock andturn the core as far as it will go.Insert @ Small screw driver into thetop of the key wa. and put the end of the plugspinner into the center. Now use the screw driverto keep the core from turning while you wind upthe spinner. After about 2 or 2? turns on thespinner jerk the screw driver out of the key wayand nopefully the plug will spin fast enoughso that it will go past the center ard to theother side. Fractice is the key.Skeleton picks are a little like master keysor more correctly skeleton keys in the fact thatthey will open every lock of the type they aremade for. The most cornon type of lock thatLs openable by this method is the tiaster padlock,Tne keys come in several] di ferent sizes andtwo Ai ferent shapes. he lock is made up ofa bunch of plates that are staked on each otherand then riveted together. There are two differenttypes of plates that make up the lock; wardedand open.
f,
o
«c:
ROOM 603147 W. 42 ST.NEW YORK 10036JULY —- AUGUST 1983 No. 86we~~Fy.4shakle Spring oOFig. 6 FracFi300 0° A warded plate has a slit.in it (see fig. C-A), whilea open plate has a hole in it (see fig C-B).Thus be mixing the plates a key combination ismade up. For every warded plate there is a cutin the key. By the way fig.A is a cross sectionof the two different types of keys. The onlydifference between them is the direction of thecurve.At th» bottom of the lock there are two springsthat hold the shakle closed (see fig.D). Thespring arms are held in the slots of the shakleand thus keep it from moving up. When the kejs inserted tt atops right at the bottom of thelock(the last plate) so that the last two partsof the key are parallel to the springs. Thusas the key is turned the springs are pushed awayfrom eacn other and the sShakle is set free.Heanwhile back at the wards.,. We can see thatan uncut part of the key will get stuck in theward. However a cut part is free to turn wetherthe plate is warded or open. Thus we cut thewhole Key exept the very tip where the key contactsthe spring. he finnished product looks likefig. D with the striped parts removed. Now wecan open all the locks regardless of their platecombination, Well, thats all for this monthfriends. So stay cool ard keep on pickin'!The best tax dodge of allHowy Murrin 6003/1 file an income ta “Wl they ward to sollect taxes They tihereturn and doesn! pay any lasses. RS) have to send of bills,” argueste en! worrted about the IRS Murzin, Piling ot a texreturn js tebeceuse he ciawns he knows the secreta billing youreell lov tase you dor! heaveof beating the tax men. And so fw, he =f pey. Undl heysendihe bal, you dontpey .
sey: Murrm. “W's your word ageing! gorved Sree in jail inet year sherGecidingtheirs.” to pul seme of fs theories en IncomeThe key fo is reasoning 9 he tan iin practices.authors’ belle! el hkng an incometus 80 how then does Howy Murzin petreturn la & voluntaryscl. They heave Bwey wih paying RO income ten at af7

Gibberish IIIby Fred SteinbeckAUTOVONAh, yes, a favorite subject of mine, A fewthings to mention since [ last spoke of it. First,it seems that the 4th column tone really is 1633 Hz(I should have known never to have doubted TheMagician...) There are a number of reasons that Ibelieve this.Firat, it seems that the DoD made a smallmistake, and auctioned off a number of telephonesin Washington, DC. It further seems that thesePhones had grey keys, except for four extra redones, labeled "FO, F, I, P" going down from thetop. When any two of these keys were pressed, 1633Hz was generated. I haven't seen these phones, andtheir sale is cumor. But what isn't?Second, I talked with a friend of mine, a one OCCentral. DC knows a little about AUTOVON (more thanpeople in previous columns of mine, anyway) and hesays that the USAF 412L (the 4xxL, as he says,{mplying that there are more than 1 matrix) matrixis only used for on-base communications, and thatbetween base communications use the 1633 Hz tone.However, it turns out my friend in a previousissue was correct: the new names for FOFIP areFlash, Immediate, Priority, and Routine. However,the definitions of the signals are, well, the word“wrong” springs to mind. They really are (from aDoD ptione book, no less):Flash: "... reserved for alerts, warnings, orother emergency actions having immediate bearing onnational, command or area security (e.g., Pres-idential use; announcement of alert; opening ofhostiltties; land, air or sea catastrophies, ...)"Immediate: "... reserved for ... conmmun-ications (1) having an immediate operational effecton tactical operations, (2) which directly concernsafety or rescue operations, (3) which effect theintelligence community operational role..."Priority: "... reserved for cells which re-quire prompt coppletion for national defense andsecurity, the successful conduct of war, or tosafeguard life or property... Normally, Prioritywill be the highest precedence which may be asignedto administrative matters for which speed ofhandling is of paramount importance."Routine: “... reserved for all other officialsommunications.”®Let me stress one military phrase which is.throughout most military phone books: "Do notdiscuss classified information on the telephone.”The military is right for sure this time, and wephreaks would do well to listen to this proverb, asone never knows who else is listening to one'sconversation.We need more info on AUTOVON, though. I knowsoe people out there know more than I know aboutAUTOVON! So make my guesses disappear by re-placing them with facts!41633 &z Loop AroundsUnless { am mistaken, on CAMA, "billing" Iinfor-mation about calls to directory assistance arerecorded, along with calls to 800 numbers. Well, Isuppose that 1f£ Bell really wanted to catch you us-ing 1633 Hz to screw with ACD's, and possibly makefree calls in so doing, they could check fot callsto DA which lasted for over three minutes. I havethe feeling that this wouldn't be too hard, so keepthose calls shortiBlue Box Fraud DetectionI had been wondering for a long time about howBell Knows when we make a blue box call. "2600 Hzdetectors on trunks!" comes the unsolicited massreply. But we all know that 2600 Hz detectorsaren't cheap, and putting them on every trunk iscostly and time consuming. 80 what do they knowthat we don't?
Well, MEF tones are sent ata certain Speud, OvenOn operator trunks. Now, whenever you send yoruclittle tones at normal, error prone numan seeud,the equipment (85X88, @€4E) thinks that something iswrong (f.e., the MF pulses aren't being sent at theright: rate). So on a crossbar, it drops 43 troublecard, and on an ESS, a printer screeches quietly toitself. But later when they look at these print-outs, and see {t's not an equipment error, well,"Hello, security? we have a toll fraud troblemhere..." Gf course, on these cards or printouts,they'll] have the number called, the calling number,and the time of day.TAS{There has been Somé@ wonder lately on what TASIis, and what a "TAST locking frequency" docs. well,TADI (Time AsSignment Speech Intecpoletion) i» usedon satellite trunks, and basically allows more thanone person to use a trunk by putting them on whilethe other person is not talking. Of course, you'dnever hear the other person talking on your trunk,When you start to talk, however, the TfaAsrcontroller has to Eind an open trunk for you,Because of this, Some of your speech is lostbecause of the delay in £inding ‘a trunk. This {5called clipping.Well, if you were transmitting data over atrunk, clipping would really mess up the data. So,there {s something called a TAS! locking frequencywhich keeps TASI from putting anyone else on yourtrunk, or you on anyone else's trunk. For this towork, according to Wotes On The Wetwork (sec. 7, 1,$8}, one must produce the "...emission of 3 ypecialtone followed by continuous energy in at least onedirectton of transmission (no simultaneous yapslonger the 192 ms)." I believe this Erequency jis1850 Hz. In any case, it is also the same frequencyas the "echo suppress" Erequency. Any experimentersout there?
The Phone Phreak's Ten CommandmentsI. Box thou not over thine nome telephone wires,fot those who doest must surely bring thefull wrath of the Chief Special Agent downupon thy heads.Il. Speakest thou not of important matters ove.thine home telephone wires, for to do so isto risk thine right of Ereedom,III. Use not thine own name when speaking to otherPhreaks, for that every third Phreak is anFBI agent is well known.IV. Let not overly many people know that thy be aPhreak, as to do so is to use thine own selfaga Sacrificial lamb,V. IF thou be in school, strive to get thineself good grades, for the Authorities wellknow that scholars never break the law.VI. If thou workest, try to De a goodly employee,and impressest thine boss with thine en-thusiagm, for important employees are oftensaved by their own bosses.VII. Storest thou not thine stolen goodes in thineown home, for those who do are surelynon-believers in the Bell System Securityforces, and are not long for this world.VIII. Attractest thou not the attention of theAuthorities, as the less noticable thou ort,the better.IX. Makest sure thine friends are instint im-nesiacs and will not remember that thou :.i-¢called illegally, for thelr co-operatis.. esththe Authorities will surely lessen thin- ‘ineof Freedom on this Earth.x. Supvortest thou TAP, as it is thine «= ws-letter, and without it, thy works will ': tofmore limited.

How to Infiltrate T A Pby Cheshire Catalystfrom Washington DC stateabout to pass legistation that willsliow ¢he FBI and CIA to infiltrateorganizations. Now it ifian’t that Ithink that TAP is subversive, but if these guysdon't at least think that we are, then TAP has animage problem to deal with.TAP has gone through a nusber of meetingplaces since we last reported our weeklywhereabouts in these pages (I'm not going to pourthrough the back issues to detail how long agothat was. It is left as an exercise for thederanged, and the nitpicker). We used to meat inGreerwich Village in New York City. Therestaurants we met in got bought up, fixed up, andwhen they re-opened, we couldn't afford them anymore. We wound up in one of New York's oldestcafeteria’s, and then it got sold for a new officebuilding. It hasn't been built yet, which makes uswonder if maybe someone wanted to just make usmove. Pararoid of us, but the reports ofPensylvania State Police photos were a litia much.But even our #go can't make us figure that somonespent a few mitifon bucks to buy the place so afew lousy phone phreaks would move away to wherethey might not be found when it was time tosurvail. Anyway, we're now back home in TheVillage.So why
ReportsCongress isonce again“subversive”
are we telling you all this? Why arewe giving it all up again? Why am I telling youthis row? I’ve got May! By the time this gets pastdeadline, gets to the printer, and pets tosomebody's mailbox, it'!] be May. We meet theseGays at “Eddie's” at 14 Waverly Place betweenBroadway and Washington Square Park. We meet thereon Friday’s between 3:38 and 6:33PM Eastern Time.If you live in or near New York, comm on down, andgive us two bucks, You'll get to reach into theenvelope and pick a month (there are a coupleleft). we have to move, or if the restaurantdies, gets sold, or remodels & jacks up theprices, and it happens in your month, you win thepot. My month ia May..I’m really not as mercenary as that for a fewmeasly bucks, but it seems to have been the besthex we could have put out to keep a place we likegoing. This way there's eleven other folks puttingout vibes to keep the place open. In fact, we'vebeen here so Jong, that we may have to change therules such, that if it passes your month, you haveto put ancther buck in, after the first year.So why come on down? What do we do there?Mostly we talk. We've gotten tired talking aboutthe old blue boxes, and all the new comers want totalk about Sprint hacking and swapping MCI codes.We don’t, but they do. Sorry, we're just not intothat around here, These days we taik aboutcomputer hacking, the da-regulation of the BullSystem, public key encryption standards, and othertopics of similar interest. Every once in a while,we degenerate, and talk about phenes. Stop on downand visit our “ivory tower", & we'll see what’sworth talking about. Hope to sae you sometime.If you wantto cut yourphonebills,cut out thischart.Back Issues are $.75 each. Issue #50 is $1.50.Subscriptions - 10 issues per year.US Bulk Envelope Rate $8.US First Class in plain sealed envelope $10.Canada & Mexico First Class §10.Foreign Air Mail $12.IMPORTANT! Please include your mailing label or aXerox copy whenever you write to TAP about yoursubscriotton.Electronic Courses - $.75 each. A - DC Basica,B - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers.TAP °l0th Anniversary” Pen - $.50.#AP Fact Sheet 1 - $.50. Credit card call hints.
Ifor
TAP Fact Sheet §2 - $.50. Free BELL phone calis.TAP Fact Sheet ¥3 - $.50. Free GTE phone calls.TAP Fact Sheet 4 - $.50. Dual Tone Oscillator,Displayed Red Box, & 2600 Whistle Perfector plans.Send CASH, check, or money order to :ive Room 603, 147 West 42nd Street, Mew York,PUBLISHED FOR IMFORMATIOWAL PURPOSES ONLY SIWCE 1971,
that-
Sl4¢ the tone,
_aveen size frame wor) want the inner
Mr the subsect af better Piving throughbee hoolods vee WETRH all Like tn have waterhactsrriaht? Bot they cost a lote riaht? Go van can’thave one, Wells vou came to the right eloce foradvicer my friend, Here’s how tn det away farunder $100 and have the time of your Life dningat.The sminitiated rersonr"Ha! 1 meed = tumber,s I’lJlTrimbor ward anh ete@wal it!" No! No! That ’s notthe wow to du it! Get in sour car (ar getwourself ane trom & friends if you have oe) = anddrive around +0 Somewhere where they haeren to hebiilding new houses. this is wour lumber yards@uch easier ta rip off for what you need. Yoywili also find manw of the tools vou need heresich 88 SawSs screwdrivers, and assorted otherneceguities of living in the style ¢o0 which wouWill bhecome 9 accustomed, Get yourself about ten1O-foat 2-bu-LOs Cthose are the ane what measure1~3/4 bu 98 Inches) and anythina else what Lookslibe wou mau need it,
would rrobablsyGo dowrm to my f[ocalSass
Takeynurselfanodes home anato build the frame,Vworlrsown now YoU WetFor a@ tupicaldimensions ofthe frame to be 60 inches bw 84 inches, Cut acorner into the bottom af wour 2210s that uo are401ng to use for the freme $0 that your have a cuthalfway acrossr running along the short side (374Inch if) and 172 to 3/8 runnind oe the tond side,This "gocbvet*® will nold in wour Fluwnnod for thehase, Wheat? I didn’t mertian that sing nerdedPlyiuand fur the base? Take 3 sheets of 1/2 or %S/8inchy while wou’re at it.Now tabhe some dood site screws -1~1/4 1S about right- and wit the frame together,Remwembery this thins is soins to wersh about {500Founds when it’s set umy $0 don’t be chear un thescrews. Nails are not so00d enouvsh'! Hed, <«lLealyborrows ateal,r or ateal the gscrews and ido xtrigpt,
abanut 190 bu
If vou want a wedestal on the beds cut 4Pieces af 24190 astbout 4 inches shorter than thefreme rieces and assemdle them into a bow. Insidathis box you criss-cross Pieces of Pluwood cut 9°tall so that you have supfort for your esluwoodbase. Cut your 2 wieces of Plywood remainins intotwo riecces (Cagairnr for ayeen sizer 30") half aswitte es your bed and as lons as yvour bed FLUS1-1/2" on each side (this allows for the rfrocbhetsyou ent into the 2210s on the frame). Now wut theP}ywood Pieces on tor of the pedestal, and rut theframe on tor of that so that the frame fits oantothe rwocbh.ets exactly.and 3aGor’tleabs'!mattressand 2 hose.Now wou #0 set Yourself aheaters a 111 and drain witsfordet a liner for the fucker in case itPut the heater down on wour Plywood baser sit theliner on tor of that and nail it to the side ofthe frame with small stripes of —- ober what the hell-~ ptywoodr or half-round aoldings that wouarrpropriated on wour expedition. Smooth out thewrinkles in the liner and wut in the mattress,Fill the thins ur to the Point where it’s e:actlylevel with the tos of the 2%10s in the frame. Getywyourself a mattress Pad end some sheets and wou’refixed ur.This techniave elso works well for those ofwho lack furniturre and are of a creativeYou can mske ALL SORTS af stuff ast aflumber and it will most likely be better than theshit wou’d buy itn a= store. When furnishing ahomer also don’t forget that the local universityleaves all sorts of stood stuff unlocked in theirbuildinss 24 hours a day.
youbent.
Faden die weltCartain Coon
Sannecticut by Doctor vagic FingeraTheee fone calls can be made thru (203) 527 5062.enter 23456 + area code + number. Thecall then dia completed.

ClassifiedThe TAP Classified Ad Page is published ag aservice to our readers. All ads MUST be typed andcamera ready. Ads will appear in the next ad sheetunless they arrive after printing deadline Inwhich case they will appear in the following adsheet. The cost pec ad per issue is $4. If youwish to preserve your anonymity, TAP Box numbersare available at the cost of $5 per ad per issue.This extra cost is for the postage to mail you thereplies to your ad, Full page ads cost $12 andhalf-page ads cost $6, Payment must accompany allads. Send cash and get a 10 &@ discount on ali ads.Address all ad requests to 1 TAP, Room 603, 147West 42nd Street, Mew York, W.Y. 10036,
EVER YBOOY SWINGS WITH “CONTINENTAL SPEC TATORTMcree FIZ Rulltize peges teed with perenne! eesws Nethewiee [hinge - mgey with edeiresees &soee Seay Covples, pretty give, gery O bi molesPLUS peingeng artic lea. HOCe, Meer. comsfore copy ef ma i tert ince mailed lit Clas, sand$e.00 ne: CONTNENTAL SPECTATOR, Reem 60),Dept, 1, 147 went 42nd Street, Mew Tork,NY 1003. Fleme sete yeu! opr,
Entinental Ppec tatorWe CUR SF) YaINGING YEAR
and wildAude photphone pwehenwhe wantte mert YOUmeen, ples © meet mingyn gd MORE
1,250.00) mes@ urdistans woven in westernIran - Royal Sarouks. CallCONTEST! (201) 826-0737 or write to:H.S.G. Ltd.we oe a eg mR ee? Rue orenied wes Bs Co MA TOA TIC anMACHEEB. PR 4 9 mg Nome ne D-| hare Fe My “6 HOw +tHM ATE doe Box 243Creget! Pete SN Ay bmn om bees(vereusow WE WEED MORE In? ORATION OF Citte | eth Lakegnd By DDGEF OAavg te 91,350001 PTETO OMTAI IT! Yrs! te<res He engammemmn ofEy PORES ROH POT OE RD ITY FC mm Mego er Cy oTPde oF meme DY OT Lager wed $l for Creniyg octet opras
Me FL ey Donel en aTPe wet Gees! Keasbey, N.J. 08832» OC VEPs A eenOE SA GR (ONENECpRENngt ere bay o> Truly the finest has for aepee ey Se mes aed ATM cuamgg Content een” Seu oH! short time become attainable.ive Ger MOT es ot at orp PRES THE WORO 28OUNO Lars O61 evenronTee@ BANE Creating rOU OUT OF A DECENT STANDARD OFTRS-80 SOFTWARE& HARDWARE!emanate iret ocr:CE ee ee es eto wee geWeert Was . ees RP eet ee we ee Mohmae EMSS A) 5 Mere rey ad eemt Utes Sata agemen WANTED: A very discreet printerPRO-*AOR ~ Pe awe WAHOt ard Ayor aeeee ease BOAal gee Al pan Fe capable of stop-=-and- repeat andCO ee meentay es perforating. Reply to BOX X inhee \er f Opi a wee oD ATM aN sp Wee a De menteOt BOPer ee eM ye - pat AM at wade, aed OESOM Bre In et pee - Care of TAP.“ Consumertronics Co.,?.0. Drawer 537, Alamogordo, N.M. 88310=
Howto Live You're gettingWith Others BETTER(And LOVE fe With Agehere's a new book thet shows you howAvold the AGING TRAPAt, 30, 10. 9mby lhord erga, 7.wey Sera Queen Pipcnaagen
age. Mover be strudd of growingett eget!66 bn IheConturybn etrigh wahoveoarsez S|Js-eagmnGea.Care,Appastives,U.S gettysepetantbyNancy Brendunix, Jtpoctioren gedPeterSpeerTra GroveHouseHannesoonlaysout the abshaand conrgaofgroup ving.This wey andinformativeguicie willtollyouhow to @find ¢ howeand howeTeh he eea tectnatty gritty:money, pax,thelaw @ find group houses fer senders66, .a geadeond.This invabasivts andnovative guide willtallyoueverythingyouneedte hnew.9? —DewAge wagasin p-wno-~- MAIL TODAY -------+(6 Packed. .. with serelblewhormation CO) YESsentme copesoton Bringpeacenhlyins srouphowse.73 Auatd theSpang Frag @ 411.98 « $1.SOgeenageondhanding« $1) BGeagh== — ———~ MAN,TODAY- ScmersoemCOVESsteercopiesat C} siycheckiorteencionedec OncerHouse Hawoeoon | iO Or Chargetomy _ VIDA _MC _ AMEX$9.45 each Dow sie Cantbytes Ser * — be.Dateee] MameAdiven |—_ le DeMahe Gueah payabbe und maditx, Make cheekpayabletx 'TAP, Room 603, 147 TAP, Room 603, 147}West 42nd Street, 86 West 42nd Street,iWew York, M.Y. 10036 New York, N.Y. 10036
-=—-—MAIL TODAY ---1 CO YES sence opecyof4' AmerncahePosoned @ely4h > eh.50 |
On the 20thsientspingent ereisnothing to celebrate
postageand hendhng = 614.55 cach.!1CO aycheck bor menos |j Meme_ _ {P Adoess t__ ip. sid!VrAP, Roum 603, 147!West 42>d Street,,New York, W.Y. 10036
TELELED “sine see wore oe aeTEC EPrOONES tm YOU nome!Gent Dew J gilesBre being vere? gyyaw aoe reLELED Trdg COVER UTPty meen’@vow phew sag Machee «wren neal 1 — ) maeengine’prams .ptiegwe TEI ELFID tan ohseere rene ' ¥tuysOmy 115 PosPrAeof SAKING1? Myrtle Ave. Boston MA 07117— wey war —
[~ :Why do peaplesink whaling ships,release dolphins,boycott veal...?
Havent you ever wonderedwhether we realty need [0 ea-plort animals and nature treway we do!A movement is being built tochallenge these forms ct ex-plodation and the cultural at-thudes that go wah them.Nature ahenation and an-thropocentricnm woud aursociety: the healing requirespolitical action.Read about it in AGENDA, theindependent, bi-monthlynewsmagazine of the rapidlygrowing animal rights‘Iiberationmovement. AGENDA’S 25 con.triduting editors~ectrisis tromall over the Unded Sates.Canada, Engiand and Australia—keep you in touch with the ac.tion for tmproved relatons w:ththe rest of the planet— Here's $13 Send AGENDAa. for One year,Here's $2. Send a sampneAGENDA.0)NameAddressCryxHe/ZipMail check and coupon toAnimal Rights NetworkBox $234/Westport, CT 0684!