END THE MISUSE OF THE 
45 NUMBER 
And that no man might buy or sell, save that he had the 
mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his 
name, Revelations 13:17 
We are printing the following article at my request. 
T haven't had time to study his plan yet and can't com- 
ment on it, but 1984 is only eight, (8), count 'em EIGHT, 
years away. We must use any and all methods if we are 
going to avoid it. "Eternal vigilance is the price of lib- 
erty" The author informed me that he has had virtually 
NO response - none from "public interest" groups, 
media, not even from the counterculture! "If you're 
not part of the solution, you're part of the problem" 
Which are YOU? He's probably as busy as we are, So 
don't complain to us if you don't get an immediate reply. 
Mr. Phelps 
The Social Security Number should not be used for: Tax- 
payer ID, Passport applications, Military ID, Credit cards, 
Insurance, Vehicle registration and drivers! licenses, bank 
ID, arrest records. All but one of these are FORCED upon 
you today. You cannot prevent the Secret Intelligence Ser- 
vices from utilizing EVERY ONE of these sources. This 
privileged information can and WILL be used criminally. 
In the Middle Ages clerics used confessions to build per- 
sonal fortunes by blackmailing their confidees, Are you 
ready to fight back? 
A new ID will not protect you. It cannot, so long as you 
permit the "Universal Identifier" to be forced upon you. 
‘This applies to forged documents, and any kind of system, 
except the one which belongs to the government. Your best 
hope lies in multiple ID numbers. 
The central government has an acknowledged bureau for 
the issuance of false ID. New ID for endangered persons 
(defectors, blown narcs) must withstand investigation and 
must include birth certificates guaranteed genuine. In some 
cases, the Justice Dep't's Witness Relocation Program 
provides new SS numbers and driver's licenses, but not 
birth certificates or passports for Mafia witnesses (see NY 
Magazine, Jan 19, 1976, The Alias Program). A private 
service that offers a new ID to you bases its whole documen- 
tary package on this government-guaranteed birth certificate. 
But you are still a ward of the government. You can take 
your chances with various types of birth certificates, but in 
the long run, you have no chance with a single identifying 
number. Such a number is vastly superior to other kinds 
surveillance because of computers, That is why your 
safety, privacy, and freedom lie in multiple ID numbers. 
To bring about a system of multiple identification num- 
bers, there must be an action, We've found it. There are 
80 million employed persons who are unlikely to participate. 
Most do not recognize the danger, let alone have the cour- 
age to act, Add the SS recipients and you have perhaps 140 
million SS numbers outstanding. These fixed numbers make 
it easy for any surveillance bureau to ferret out false or 
self-assumed numbers. Acting as individuals, we can have 
no effect. A plan is needed that will force the powerful 
bureaucracies to scuttle the single number and issue in 
its place new sets of numbers distinctly and separately 
applied to each of the uses listed above, 
There IS a straightforward, legal plan which can accom- 
plish the job. Are you interested? Write: AEA, Lock 
Box 183, Ringoes, NJ 08551, Tell 'em TAP sent you. 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976 - Do NOT make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators. 
APRIL 1976 
No. 34 
OPEN SESAME! 
by 
TOM EDISON 
In my article "Fortress Fun" in the Nov 75 TAP I explained 
how to use a Fortress as an extension fone. All that was 
required was a power supply capable of producing 50 volts 
at 41 mato operate the coin return relay. While Pa Bell uses 
voltages ranging from 100 to 135 volts because they have to 
overcome various line resistances only 50 volts is actually 
needed to operate the coin return relay. All of you smart 
shoppers who "let your fingers do the liberating" at the corner 
fone booth are going to have to perform some electrical or 
mechanical maintenance on it sooner or later, probably 
sooner due to the fact that Pa Bell is a real cheap bastard 
and uses shitty parts manufactured by its own captive Western 
Electric. The method for opening the coin box was described 
by Mr. Phelps in his excellent article "Telephone Locks" in 
the Nov 75 TAP. The method advocated by Alexander Mundy 
in the Jan 76 TAP while accurate nevertheless requires the 
use of a large sledge hammer and a very strong knock out 
punch and is very difficult even with the use of these tools. 
As the man says on the TV commercial "There's gotta be a 
better way!" If you know of one, let us know too! 
The opening of the upper housing is much easier, probably 
because there's less of a demand for components than for 
money. The only tools that are needed are a hammer, a chisel, 
an electric drill, and an assortment of bits. Mark outa 
rectangle 1-1/2".x 2" around the housing lock and drill this 
rectangle out by first using an 1/8" drill followed by a 1/4" 
drill, Be neat! (SEE FIG, 1 ) If you did not drill away all of 
the metal between some of the holes use the chisel to cut 
through. Remove the cut out exposing the whole lock. Take 
the chisel and hammer and with a few well placed wacks the 
lock cover will come off exposing the tumblers, Simply lift. 
them out one at a time until there is nothing in the frame but 
the slide bolt, Just slide it out! You have now removed evéry- 
thing but the lock frame. In order to remove this you must 
first unlock the double slide bolts that hold the front housing 
to the rear housing. Linemen have a 719A tool for this purpose. 
Share a joint with him and he might let you "borrow" it. Ifyou 
are up tight about asking to borrow "official phone company 
equipment" you'll just have to make your own 719A tool. It's 
no big deall Take @ 2-1/2" nail, cut off the point, and bend it 
as shown in FIG, 2. Insert the small right angle bend into the 
slot on the opposite side from the lock and twist using a pair 
of pliers for leverage. You should hear a loud ka-chunk as the 
boltwork slides down and then.........OPEN SESAME! [1 
Continued on next page, of course
All of the treasures of the Fortress are yours! Carefully lift 
off the front housing, There is a cord that connects the front 
housing dial plate to the rear housing circuits. It is connected 
to an 11 pin plug with a round handle. Pull it out straight. 
Don't worry putting it back incorrectly because it's keyed to 
only fit one way. This now separates the two halves of the 
Fortress. The dial mechanism is held in place by 4 screws 
and is easily removed. Next remove the sliding boltwork 
that's next to the lock frame. It is attached by 3 nuts. Once 
this is removed use a 3/16" Hex key and remove the 4 set 
screws that hold the lock frame in place. With your rectangular 
cut out where the lock housing frame use to be you can insert 
a screwdriver into the hole and engage the sliding boltwork, 
Pushing it up locks the Fortress and pushing it down unlocks 
it. You may now retire your 719A tool or give it to a friend 
who has a need for just such a handy tool, Let us proceed 
with the disassembly. 
‘There are three main sections to the rear housing: coin 
chute & totalizer; ringer network & Red Box; and coin hopper 
& relay. All of these sections come apart very easily for 
maintenance but you must take them out in the correct order. 
The first section to remove is the coin chute & totalizer. It 
is held in place by a spring clip located directly over the coin 
slot. Push the clip up with your finger and then press back on 
the spring and the whole section slides forward. There is: 
another 11 pin plug connecting the totalizer to the ringer 
network located below and to the left of the first 11 pin plug 
socket. Pull this polarized plug out the same way you did the 
first one. The coin chute is a fascinating mechanism to play 
with and is invaluable for testing your home made slugs. If 
your slugs come out the bottom of the totalizer they're the 
correct weight and size but if they come out the coin return 
chute you'd better sharpen your cutters and recalibrate your 
micrometer. There's nothing as rewarding as a job well done! 
The next section to remove is the ringer network & Red Box. 
This is held in place by one large screw located beneath the 
first plug socket but before you unscrew it you should remove 
the three fone line wires that are attached to this section. 
There are 6 screw terminals on TB1 located between the 
network and Red Box. The 3 screws on the left side are marked 
R, T, &G. The +red Ring lead goes to terminal R, the -green 
Tip lead goes to terminal T, and the yellow ground lead goes 
to terminal G. The black wire is usually not used. Once these 
three leads have been removed you may now loosen the large 
screw. There is a tongue projection located behind the ringer 
that must slip down first, Then pull the whole section straight 
out carefully. All Red Boxes manufactured by Pa Bell after 
Nov 74 produce the new MF tones. You can tell the new ones 
by their pink plastic housing ( Bell didn't have the balls to 
use Red plastic! ) and by the two screws located on the out- 
side of the box housing. With the jumper between the screws 
removed the box produces the new MF tones but with the 
jumper connected the box produces only the single 2,200 Hz 
tone. You home experimenters might want to.compare the 
tone of your home "organ" to Bell's Red Box for purely 
musical reasons, of course. 
This leaves only the coin hopper & relay for removal. First 
take the plastic protection cover off the relay by pulling in 
straight up. This will expose the relay contacts. All coins 
and acceptable slugs go into the hopper where they remain 
until they are either deposited or returned to you. This is 
accomplished by the polarity of the voltage applied to this 
relay. There are two wires connected to this relay- a 
yellow wire that goes to an unmarked screw terminal and a 
black wire that goes to terminal #3. A positive 50 volts on 
the yellow lead returns the coins or slugs to you. A negative 
50 volts on the yellow lead deposits the coins or preferably 
slugs in this case to Pa Bell. The coin hopper and relay are 
held in place by two small screws located on the bottom of 
it. In order to get at these screws you must have the coin 
box removed, To remove the coin box use the same tech- 
nique you used to open the main housing or use one of the 
methods advocated by Mr. Phelps or Alexander Mundy. 
With the coin box removed you can now see the two small 
screws holding the coin hopper & relay. You will need a 
real small screwdriver or an off-set screwdriver to remove 
these screws because you have to work inside the coin box 
opening which is only about 5" high. 
With the removal of the coin hopper & relay you have success- 
fully disassembled the Fortress. For the novice fone freak I 
would recommend that you go no further, Remember that you've 
got to be able to put this whole damn thing back together so that 
it works and you do have a hell of a lot of parts laying in the 
floor. For the more experienced fone freak may I suggest a 
major operation on the totalizer to master its operation. And 
finally for those into electronics may I suggest the construction 
of a power supply that's compact enough to fit into the coin box 
housing for operating the coin return relay. A schematic for 
such a power supply will be in a future article. 
And for those home experimenters who are getting a hernia 
trying to unscrew the mouth & earpieces from the Fortress 
receiver let me remind you that Pa Bell cements them on! 
To remove them use a large wrench and a vise. Put a piece of 
leather or some other suitable protection on the jaws to pre- 
vent scratching up the receiver. We wouldn't want to damage 
any Bell Telephone property now would we? 
To reassemble the Fortress "simply" reverse the disassembly 
steps. First replace the coin hopper & relay and reconnect the 
yellow & black leads, Then replace the ringer network & Red 
Box and reconnect the Ring, Tip, & Ground wires to terminals 
R, T, & G. Then replace the coin chute & totalizer and reconnect 
the dial plate to the front housing. Replug the two 11 pin plugs 
back into their correct sockets and then slide the front dial 
housing onto the rear housing. Insert a screwdriver into your 
newly made rectangular hole, engage the sliding boltwork, and 
push up. CLOSE SESAME! I! 
For more information consult the Yellow Pages under "Monopoly". 
Or see your friendly neighborhood lineman, preferably the one 
who let you "borrow" his 719A tool for a few tokes, and maybe, 
if you slip him a few bucks, he'll "accidently loose" one copy 
of Bell's COIN SERVICE MANUAL off the back of his truck, 
Or write to Tom Edison c/o TAP and I'll try to answer your 
questions. This month's article is dedicated to the Amherst 
Anarchists: Scott, Dave, Dan, Brian, Tim, Don, Carlos, 
& Nina, 
2" 
Fig, 1 
FIG, 2 
REAL GENUINE AD 
Original Esquire Magazine with famous Secrets of the Little 
Blue Box article is available postpaid for five bucks from 
Enterprises, 173P Brooks, Fort Walton Beach, Fl 
32548 
Some people may prefer to read and/or photocopy the 
article at their library, if it hasn't been ripped out (now 
you know how someone else feels, when you've ripped 
something out, huh?). Others may regard the price asa 
"ripoff", But... it's a free market; nobody's FORCING 
you to buy it. 
Back Issues are 50¢ each, 40¢ each if you order 
a full 
set (aumbers 1 32) See previous issues for list of 
feature articles, 
‘Subscriptions - 10 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US 
First Class in plain seal 
nvelope 
$6, 
Canada stapled $6 
gn 
$7. 
IMPORTANT: 
Include mailing label or xerox copy when writing to TAP 
about your subscriptic 
‘Books ~ Steal This Book 
Monopoly” $i 
‘Courses - 50¢ each A-Basic Electricity B= A, 
C- Basic Phone Operation D- Amplifiers 
Send Only check or money onder (NO CASH) to 
TAP, 162 
W 42 Street, Room 504, New York 10036 
This'te a mall drop om 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New Yori 10901 
Hours: Wednesday, 4-7pr\.
TAP Patent Office 
1 
Patented April 1,1976 
ak 
FONE FUCKER 
Mr. Phelps, c/o TAP office, and 
A Swiss Banker, Gnome 
of Zurich. 
Filed Feb. 30, 1976 4 Claims 
This invention relates to an economical method of produc- 
ing dime sized washers from easily obtainable copper por- 
traits of Lincoln (also known as pennies). The invention 
provides a method of obtaining justice for the considerable 
money swallowed by defective phones. 
As you may know, the diameter of the coin, not its 
weight, is what matters in Fortress phones. Individual 
Fortresses may vary slightly, but generally will accept a 
"dime" of .695 - . 710" diameter. This is why a #14 brass 
washer, which is . 686" diameter, will not work unless you 
spit on it, Foreign coins of the proper specifications can 
be difficult to obtain, and the manufacture of conventional 
slugs requires a punch press and a source of expensive 
brass sheet, Conventional methods of altering pennies such 
as filing, grinding, soaking in acid, etc, are slow. My 
method greatly increases the ease and rate of production. 
A drill press and small lathe are ideal, but an electric 
drill and Unimat bench lathe will suffice. In the first step, 
a hole is drilled in the center of the penny. Using a jig 
(made by a friendly machinist if you aren't able to) up to 
about 40 can be drilled ata time. Ifa #2 (.221") drill is 
used, the finished product will be almost perfect in weight. 
However, high quality socket head ("Allen") screws which 
are necessary for Step 2, are not available in this size 
(#12), Therefore a 1/4" drill bit and screw are used. A 
6.4mm drill (, 252") is preferable to allow clearance. The 
pennies are stacked on a long 1/4" screw with a thick 
washer between each, and screwed onto the plug mounted 
in the lathe. They are then turned down to .703" (dime- 
size) +.00? The plus and minus tolerance depends on 
your personal requirements, Using a "threading" tool 
will permit the operator to quickly and easily remove 
6.4mm. 
‘weld 
. 752" 
- 755" 
weld all 
V4 around 
a 
Z an 
he 
7/8" socket head screw 
2 
most of the burr. The remaining burr can be removed 
with a file or ina gemstone tumbler. Do not waste the 
scrap copper chips. They are recycleable. Sell them for 
an additional profit. 
Production rates of 200 - 300 per hour appear reasonable. 
This could be an ideal "cottage industry" for anyone so 
inclined. Anyone is free to manufacture the Fone Fucker. 
Royalties should be contributed to Libertarian causes. 
What is claimed is: 
1, The method of reducing the diameter of a dise by 
drilling, stacking, and turning. 
2, The names Fone Fucker and Fuck-a-Fone. 
3. The use of these discs in dishonest phones and vending 
machines, 
4, The use of a slightly larger (.705 - . 712") disc in 
parking meters. Do not use in meters in which the last 
coin deposited remains visible. Meters tend to be temper- 
amental. Knurling the outer edge may help. Experiment 
with scotch tape on both sides of the washer, 
WARNING! 
It is egal to destroy or alter US money, so be sure to 
use only Canadian pennies, Extradition is not required 
for anything but capital offenses (i.e. murder). Although 
it is illegal for citizens to mess with money, Big Brother 
considers it quite all right to stamp out worthless copper- 
nickel sandwiches (instead of silver coins) and to print 
fiat paper dollars which are backed, no longer by gold and 
silver, but only by faith in Big Brother. This, in case 
you haven't realized it, is the cause of inflation, Debasing 
its currency has happened to every civilization when the 
politicians got control and has always preceded its collapse. 
Demand gold or silver! The bastards can't print that. To 
learn more about economics and inflation and how to survive 
it, read anti-Amerikan-Establishment authors like Hayek, 
Hazlett, Rothbard, and yon Mises, 
INVENTORS 
MR, PHELPS, US Representative 
A SWISS BANKER, Gnome of Zurich 
OY. 
bhegliche Ccaphcle. 
Sheister-at-Law
ODDS & ENDS 
by 
TOM EDISON 
There has been no new reader response to the TAP T shirts 
Since the last issue. It's obvious that if there is no more 
interest shown there will be NO TAP T shirts! 
Since Mr, Phelps has started to plug some of the books that 
he digs I feel justified in doing the same. This month let me 
recommend I'M SORRY, BUT THE MOMOPOLY YOU HAVE 
REACHED IS NOT IN SERVICE by K, Aubrey Stone available 
for $1.50 + 10¢ handling from Ballantine Books, Dept. CS, 
36 West 20th Street, New York, N, Y. 10003. If you loved 
MONOPOLY you'll flip over this book! After reading it you'll 
wonder why the public has stood the fone company's’ shit for 
so long! Here's a quote from the book on the "effectiveness" 
of the FCC to regulate Pa Bell: 
"What results from this weird paradox is a neglect of the 
serious issues confronting the Commission in favor of trivial 
ones, which the Commission pursues with great relish and 
fanfare so that it can save face with announcements of minor 
triumphs. For instance, while complaining in its 1966 annual 
report that it lacked the wherewithal to police the activities 
of broadcasters and communications utilities, it still managed, 
the report said, to "close down 40 unlicensed broadcast 
operations, mostly by juveniles," and to investigate "over 500 
cases of troublesome radiations from faulty garage door 
openers, " as well as to track down a group of shrimp fisher- 
men using foul language over their marine radios, Which is 
all. very commendable if the commissioners! desks are clean 
of weightier matters such as hundreds of millions of dollars 
in phone company overcharges..." 
And finally, as I promised in my article last issue, here 
are all the fone off-hook currents that I have received to date, 
As for how accurate they are , let the buyer beware! If you 
recall I originally asked for off-hook currents because some 
readers wrote in saying that the #48 lamp used in the SNOOP 
LITE ( issue #29 ) was not working. I then suggested that if 
readers sent in their off-hook currents I would list them all 
ina chart so that they could "liberate" a lamp that would work 
with the off-hook current in their locality. Check the off-hook 
current listed for your area and then look up @ lamp with 
matching operating current in any electronics supply catalog. 
Good luck! 
OFF-HOOK CURRENTS 
Benicia, Calif. 60 ma 
Metuchen, N.J. 40 ma 
Boston, Mass. 60 ma 
Milwaulee, Wisc. 80 ma 
Chicago, Ill. 30 ma 
Mobile, Ala. 30 ma 
Detroit, Mich. 27 ma 
Perth Amboy, N.J. 45 ma 
Erie, Penn, 65 ma 
Rochester, N.Y, 35 ma 
Jamaica, N.Y, 47 ma 
Stockton, Calif. 50 ma* 
Los Angeles, Calif. 23 ma 
Sunnyvale, Calif. 30 ma 
ASK Mr. PHELPS 
The question and answer this month is about a mission in 
progress. To reveal more at this time would jeopardize its 
success. Sorry. 
GNU GNU GNU GNU GNU GNU GNU GNU GNU 
The typos, missing letters and words which appear all 
too regularly in TAP are our fault, Our printer does a 
good job with what we send him, but nobody's perfect. In 
my review of The Big Brother Game, $7.95 from Gnu Pub- 
lishing, Box 6820, San Francisco, CA 94101, somewhere in 
the printing process Gnu became (ru, Sorry about that, 
MOVIES ARE BETTER THAN EVER 
Considering that most movies appear on TV within a 
couple of years, I rarely go to theatres, except occasion- 
ally to see quality porn. But a recent double feature at my 
favorite $1 ghetto theatre was irresistable. 
The Conversation as you probably know, is about bugging. 
All about bugging. Shotgun and spike mikes, infinity trans- 
mitters, noise filters, anda big ETC, are alldemonstrated. 
In the end the bugger becomes the buggee. Despite his best 
efforts, he is unable to locate the bug in his apartment, 
Your mission: determine the method. 
Why didn't somebody tell us about the delightful fone 
freaking in 3 Days of the Condor? Robert Redford is a good 
guy (of course) CIA agent, After his section is "hit", he 
(and the viewer) don"t know WHO he can trust. The techni- 
ques he uses to survive are an education. I was pleased 
that the silencers were much more authentic than the toys 
one sees on TV. The CIA's justification for its activities 
was disturbingly reasonable. "When we run out of petro- 
leum, and the people are cold and hungry, they won't care 
about our methods, they'll just say "GET ITI" 
And what are YOU doing, dear reader, to reduce YOUR 
dependence on the collapsing System? I don't mean cheating 
the utility and phone companies; I mean learning to get 
along without them, Get into Ham and CB radio and other 
methods of communication. Learn about alternate sources 
of power. Remember when the lights went out in Fun City 
in 1965? It won't do you any good to jump the meter if 
there's no juice flowing through it. 
‘The Day of the Jackal has appeared of TV. Don't miss it 
next time. Better yet - read the book. The phony ID bit is 
carefully explained. Get yourself some while there's time. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Some Save 13 Cents 
By Using an Eraser 
‘By a WALL StaEeT JOURNAL Staff Reporter 
‘The Postal Service 1s annoyed about 
‘one way that people have found to save 
postage: erasing the cancellation marks 
oft stamps and illegally using the 
stamps again. 
Tt seems that the agency has been 
putting phosphorus on-stamps so that 
special “'facer-canceler machines can 
locate the stamp and properly position 
the letter for cancellation. But the inks 
used in the machines “haven't been ag- 
gressive enough to penetrate the phos- 
horus on some stamps,"" a spokesman 
says. “We're putting into operation a 
‘new kind of ink that should pretty well 
take care of the problem, 
“Brasing,” she adds, 
34 
to list the 
troublesome stamps. “It we told you 
which ones it works on," she says, 
“everybody would be out there eras: 
ng." 
From The Wall Street Journal 
March 8, 1976 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W.42 ST., NY 10036 
Address all mail and checks to 
BULK RATE 
U. S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit No. 209 
Groat Nock, N.Y.