TAP UPDATE by TOM EDISON 
Welcome back! I hope you all enjoyed your summer vacation. 
I know I sure did! I am pleased to report that thanks to the help 
and support of some of our readers, TAP will NOT fold! !!!!11 
I still personally feel that most of you readers are just a bunch 
of apathetic, lazy bastards but at least a few of you have shown 
that you do give a damn about the future of TAP! I have received 
a number of very supportive letters which did much to boost the 
low moral at the TAP office. Offers of help came from as far 
away as Seattle, Washington but as usual, NYC area readers 
sat on their fat asses and did nothing. While I'm glad that the 
help of some of our better readers is sufficient enough to keep 
TAP going, I'm saddened to have to report that our readership 
has fallen. Between issues 43 & 44, we lost 238 subscribers! 
I find it hard to believe that everyone of our subscribers could 
not get at least one partner in crime to sub to TAP! If TAP had 
a million subscribers, the loss of 238 readers would be considered 
nothing more than flyshit in the Pacific Ocean, but with our humble 
little readership, the loss of 238 readers is FATAL!!! 
I told you all a long time ag 
if we didn't get some new 
subscribers soon, I would be forced to increase our sub rates. 
You responded with a raised middle finger, so EFFECTIVE 
SEPTEMBER 1, 1977, a 10 issue US Bulk sub will be $5, 00. 
First Class & Canada will be $7.00 and Foreign will be $8, 00. 
I'm very sorry to have to hit you in the pocketbook but it was 
either up the sub rates or fold! YOU forced this action, NOT ME! 
The TAP T-shirts are selling 
well, so well in fact that I'm 
already out of the Extra Large size, I have a few 
large and a 
quantity of Small and Medium. The Small size has NOT sold well 
and as a result, TAP is stuck with a lot of Small size T's, Because 
we didn't order a large number of 
shirts, we had to buy a quantity 
in ALL sizes, including Small. To help us get rid of them and 
make some room for the 1978 T-shitrs, the price of all SMALL 
‘T-shirts has been reduced to $3. 50 ( which barely covers the 
initial cost plus postage! ). Cum on readers, help us out! Buy 
a couple of shirts for your little bastards! 
And while I'm on the subject of TAP T-shirts, lemme tell ya 
that it's time to decide on next year's colors. What colors do 
YOU want? Lemme know. IfI get the usual reader response to 
my request, I'll get about 3 letters. Now's your chance to feel 
important in making TAP policy decisions! If 
I get only 3 letters 
and 2 of them want the same colors, that decides it! I personally 
would like to have a red T-shirt with black TAP logo on front 
and back. What do ya want? Lemme know! 
Phone Company Says It Has Pulled 
The Plugon Free-Call ‘Blue Boxes’ 
By E. J. DIONNE JR. 
‘The New York Telephone Company 
said yesterday that it hed won the 16- 
year-old guerrilla war -with “phone 
freaks” who developed ingenious de- 
vices called “blue boxes” which al- 
lowed them to make free telephone 
calls to any place in the world. 
At a news conference at company 
‘headquarters on the Avenue of the 
‘Americas at 424 Street, company Inves- 
tigators demonstrated how counter 
technology could be used to make tree 
calls to anywhere in the direct-dialable 
‘world, They then showed off 
= product 
of their countercounter technol 
{heir ultimate’ weapon, which they as. 
serted would stop the use of blue boxes 
‘once and for all 
‘The devices are usually 
pushbutton 
affairs, often converted 
calcula 
tors, “which produce Tones exact! 
matching the ‘phone company's' 
code 
sou 
bling 
Hox fol the conteeny’e catty 
bine Soe fe ha ee Aline 
by 
er into fovea oa & toll-free call 
is being made 
ile at the same time 
connecting the caller to desired (and 
eee 
See eri bei te 
Asseieen tNlonbcat ad hase se 
Company, blue boxes cost the nation- 
wide Bell System $5 million to $10 mil- 
been in New York State, according to 
San 
But no longer, the 
L 
‘Their breakthrough is @ detection de- 
vice 
that breaks : through the proe 
protective electronic fog set up by' the 
blue box and finds out within seconds 
both the number of the phone being 
used for the fraudulent call and the 
number to which the call is placed, 
This information is printed out by. 
‘2 computer, along with the time and 
length of the call. The illicit caller is 
immediately notified by the company 
that 
his call has been discovered, that 
he will be billed,and that he should 
stop using the machine. 
Improvements Since 1961 
‘The first device of this sort was dis- 
covered by phone company officials in 
1961, It was painted blue, hence the 
name. Over the years its’ technology 
hhas been developed along with the 
company’s. At yesterday's news confer- 
ence, officials displayed several genera- 
tions of blue -boxes. The early ones 
were bulky vacuum-tube models, about 
three times the size of a toaster, The 
latest models are about the size of = 
pack of cigarettes and using transitors 
or integrated circuits, 
Most’ of the models work through 
toll-free 800 or 555 numbers. Some 
work on the receiving end, sending off 
sounds to the 
‘company 
ing that no cal bus taker le 
488 a conversation goes on. 
‘he company says its new ant-blue. 
box device 
loped by Bell Labo- 
ratories in New Jersey and now in use 
in other parts of the count 
de- 
all 
known, 
jue boxes, 
R 
box 
SEPT-OCT 1977 
NO.46 
BETTER LIVING THRU COUATER CONTROL 
The driver's 
license is the most widely accepted 
ond useful piece of ID for proof of identity. 
It 
is almost a necessity to ovn one because it is the 
one piece of ID that the porkers and bureaucrats 
will want to see from you. With alarming frequency 
the forces of state are using the driver's license 
as a tool of oppression, Some counter control can 
be «used to thwart the forces of oppression and fear. 
One of the best methods available is to obtain your 
ariver's license under an alias name. Here are some 
food reasons why: 
Pirst, the point system on the driver's license 
can only go against you. Points against you are 
added on until some arbitrary total is reached, then 
your license gets suspended or revoked. Only the 
bad points are added on - there are no good points 
to be made. You can't win using your own name. If 
all you can do is get bad points 
you might as well 
have them added on to the driving’record of an alias 
and keep your ovn name and record clean, 
econ, almost every time you get stopped by a 
pig a radio check will be done -.on you for outstand- 
ing warrants, unpaid fines and tickets, etc. A bad 
report back on the radio check could get-you a tour 
of an Amerikan verson of Auschwitz. The gestapo 
can check out the validity of the driver's license 
number by radio, so the license you show the inquis- 
itive porker should be real. A real license under 
an alias name can be obtained with a birth certif- 
icate at your local Departmertt of Motor Vehicles. 
Third, you should never use your address where 
you are living on any driver's license -- under your 
own name or an alias. ‘The address that is listed 
on your driver's license is the one that the police, 
creditors, and other hostiles will ¢o to if they are 
looking for you. Even if they aren't looking for 
you now, the future is always uncertain. Have your 
license sent to a mail receiving service, or have 
a friend put the name you are using on your driver's 
license on their mail box. They enn take the name 
off after the license come 
If the pips show up 
at their house looking for you, they can say you 
moved and then tip you off. Always use a. safe 
address - don't lead the porkers to your door. 
Birth certificates for starting an alias can be 
bought on the black market, can be made at home via 
“do it yourself", or instruction for obtaining 
documents are available for a price from Eden Press, 
16681 Evergreen Circle, Fountain Valley, CA 92708. 
AGENT MDA 
@ Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977 - Do‘not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's addréss is given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work, 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright viglators.
THE VOICE by Ted Vail 
I would like to start a new serial column, THE VOICE, 
with an error correction: Iam from Washington, D.C., 
not from Illinois. How Tom slipped on that is beyond me, 
unless be was thinking 
of my many 
pen pal friends 
in that 
state. I would like to receive comments, tips, and other 
interesting info (like test numbers) relevant to either area 
and in this vein 
I would like to pass on two stores that I've 
heard of. They both sell various types of phones. The first 
is on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago, near Larchmont Avenue. 
Look it (and others) up in the Chicago Yellow Pages, The 
second is the Georgetown Phone Warehouse in Georgetown 
on (I think) Wisconsin Avenue. Look that up too. 
In this column I would like to update errors in TAP's back 
issues, correct fallacies, and clarify misconceptions and 
rumors. The one main difference between EDEN UNDER- 
GROUND NEWS SERVICE (EUNS) and TAP, in format, is that 
letters published in TAP do not have their answers published 
there, but in EUNS every published letter has a published 
answer right there. That is probably because EUNS has a staff 
of resident experts, right on hand, to answer the questions. 
But TAP has few experts, and most of those are not right in 
or near New York, or else they are unwilling to come in and 
be resident experts. Thus, ideas, answers, and such have to 
come in and out through Tom, and he is getting tired of being 
called upon to do and know everything. I am going to try to take 
this part of the burden from Tom, and be a "general specialist". 
Both questions and answers, as well as guesses and speculations, 
will go to me (if and when Tom approves) thru Tom. I will try 
toconnect the questions and answers, supply some of my own 
info, and publish things of general interest in TAP, 
I will be setting up a "cool" mailing address so you interested 
readers can write directly to me. This address will be published 
as soon as possible in a future issue of TAP, I can't guarantee 
instant replies to letters, but I usually have time to reply 
within a few weeks. 
T have tried to get in touch with "Kilgore Trout" in Canada, 
but I've been unable to do so. Please get in touch with me, 
"Kilgore"! I think that the military Blue Boxes of issue 37, 
the Generals' phones with the special buttons mentioned in 
issue 39 by Bill Moorefield, and the control frequencies 
described by Depravo in issue 43 are all the same things, and 
T think I know how to get those tones! A remark by "Kilgore" 
to the effect that "if I can hear them going out, the equipment 
can probably hear any beeps that I make" gave me the clue. 
‘Now hear this : ‘All you TAPpers who want to help us out should 
mobilize your cassette tape recorders-check the tape (get the 
highest quality you can afford-one cassette should be enough) 
and make sure the batteries are good-and rig the mic input 
So you can tape off of a phone line. This should be done by all 
people who might have access to the military system, especially 
those who can talk to a friend at the military switchboard. Start 
the recorder and have your friend play the tones for-you, and 
try to find out which tone is "flash", "priority", or whatever. 
‘With the tones down on tape, they can be "decoded", that is, 
their frequency or the frequency of the two component tones 
can be determined, This will also work with the regular mic, 
just get into a room with the special phone or switchboard. 
4 think it's reasonable to assume that the special beeps can be 
heard in the handset's earphone, so I'll recommend that you 
hold the mic uo to the earphone of the telephone, and press 
the special buttons one at a time, announcing to the recorder 
the name of each button. If you don't dial any numbers, I 
don't think anyone's calls would be interrupted. After you get 
the recordings, play them back to make sure you got the tones 
down. Give the cassette to a friend who has a frequency counter 
or signal generators (for trial and error) unless you yourself 
can determine the frequencies. I would like to know what happens 
when dual frequencies are fed into a frequency counter. I would 
like to give you some tips on these military systems. First, 
remember that even the regular numbers on Defense touch’ tone 
pads are different frequencies. I want some good, generous 
"TAPper to attend a Defense Dept. surplus sale and pick up a 
D,of D, surplus touch tone phone (they can be gotten from 
other places that got them second or third hand from D, of D, 
surplus sales - I want to know the mailing addresses of these 
. 
outfits) and screw around with the phone (DON'T DISASSEMBLE 
IT unless you take copious notes on the electrical connections- 
just hook it up and beep) to find out the frequencies of the numbers. 
Knowing 
how the "grid" is set up will allow you or even more 
clever TAPpers to deduce one tone of each of the specials 
because it's safe to assume that they derive the extras by adding 
one new tone to mix with the olti ones. If you know anything 
about the way touch tone pads are set up, you'll see what I mean. 
On a civilian T. T, pad, -the "A B C & D" buttons are non- 
existent, but the inductor in the circuit has a tap that can be used 
to generate the four new tones, All the buttons in a given row 
or column share one tone and differ because they have the 
second tone different; for instance, tone 2 of the civil pad is 
770 Hz, The sounds 
for 4, 5, 6, and B all contain 770 Hz mixed 
with something else. Thus, to add a new group of 4 buttons, 
they need only add the one tone which would then 
be common 
to all buttons in that row or column. To getA BC 
& D, Bell 
added 
a new high tone, 1633 Hz, and mixed it with the old low 
tones 1 2 3 & 4 (which are 697, 770, 852, and 941 Hz) to get 
ABC &D 
respectively, Now we can't hope to count on the 
fortune of some nameless TAPper to "acquire" a 16 button 
military phone, so we'll have to make do with acauiring a 12 
button one. By determining all the tones( 1,2, 3, 4, 5,6, and 7) 
used on the 12 button one, we'll have one of the two tones used 
in each of the special buttons, And for a special bonus, the 
unknown 
one ig the one common to all four! A little trial and 
error on one of the new, still unknown but tape recorded tones 
should yield a pretty close approximation of the unknown tone 
common to all four special buttons, When that is known, and 
the tones for the horizontal rows are known, they can be mixed 
and compared with the recorded DF recorded tone for checking. 
Once we know these various combinations, the sky's the limit! 
But wouldn't we have to get a connection between the military 
and ‘civilian phone systems? I don't think that they are normally 
sonnected at the low level because the touch tones are different 
on the telephone units. But does the military system use the same 
Jong distance lines as the civilian phone system?If so, we're 
lucky. It was a remarkable stroke of luck and ingenuity on our 
(pbreak's) part, plus a remarkable dumb blunder on Bell's 
path that put the long distance Blue Box tones in our hands 
in 
irst place. Don't expect that to happen again, especially 
not with the military system. But if they share the ame long 
distance circuits and if we can decode the military tones, we're 
home free! Another crushing TAP victory! WOW! Let's get 
moving) 
‘["I want to report a robbery 
in progress.” 
ath T HEY SAW THE LIGHT 
ant 
ey heat 
0 message 
in 
Hardenburgh, 
half of the Catskill town’s renidents Lave beon ordained 
ministers in the Universal Life Church, a sect where 
holy orders can be had for the asking, 
What caused the people of Hardenburgh to get 
jon was their tax bills, which soared as large 
prime-real estate were bought 
by tax- 
exempt Zen Buddhists, Tibetan monks and 
other exotic 
creeds. If we can’t beat 'em, Hardenburghers reasoned, 
welWve dori. know 
‘whether 
the 
hard. 
re don't 
know ‘whether the hard.cyed revenue 
collectors will buy 
the ministerial bit. But the 
cy Hardenburgh deserve to have thei reso reatines 
commemort 
~ 
gommemerated eguewhere—perhaps In 
that 
Great Tax
LETTERS FROM 
Dear TAP, 
Just came across a very interesting and amusing example 
of the vulnerability (so they say) of our public utilities which 
may be of interest to ye olde readers. 
T have been battling Con Edison for some astronomical bills 
they sent me when I first moved into my apartment. I live alone 
and I know of some small manufacturing businesses who pay 
Jess for electricity than the Con was asking from me. I went 
through the usual jazz of asking them to check their records, 
their meters, their sanity, etc., all to no avail. I came up 
with 4n interesting solution; I simply didn't pay the overcharges. 
For a while they didn't react. ‘Then they sent me a turnoff 
notice, stating that unless I paid by such-and-such date, they 
would turn off my lights. OK, I wrote to the Public Service 
Commission, and Con Edison got off my case for a while. 
‘Then the Public, you should pardon the expression, "Service" 
Commission sent me a form letter which totally ignored what 
Thad written. My counterattack was to ignor them. Con Edison 
sent me another turnoff notice with a very specific turnoff date. 
T took a deep breath and ignored the notice, while promptly 
paying my current bill. Wonder of wonders, the turnoff date 
came and went, and the electricity was still on, Next month's 
pill said that, "a turnoff notice is still in effect" and threatened 
action if the entire bill was not paid "promptly", whatever 
that means. Now things settled into a pattern. Every three 
months they gave me a specific date and inbetween they said 
that the notice was still in effect. Later on they also asked 
for a deposit - which, of course, I never paid. At no time 
did my lights even flicker. 
This 
went on for over 
a year. One day I got home to find 
a 
telephone message on my answering system to call Con Edison 
about my bill. The same day I got my latest bill from them. 
‘There was no mention of the past due balance for the first time 
in four years, However, the bill was marked "final bill" and 
was for much less than a full month. Whoops, I figured, they're 
finally gonna do it! I called the next day, expecting fire and 
brimestone. Instead all I got was a bland inquiry as to when 
I was planning to pay the back bill. I refered 
the gal back to 
the Public Service Commission, telling her I was awaiting 
further word from them. She said, "OK, please get what you 
need from them soon so we can resolve the matter." Oh, by 
the way, I said, what does this "final bill" jazz mean? Well, 
she says, you just moved, didn't you? If you consider four 
years ago as "just moved", yes. There is dead silence on the 
phone for 
a few seconds before she asks me if I was planning 
to move soon. No. Well then it's good you called, she says, 
because the clucks had a record that I bad or was about to 
move. I asked how this could happen, and she sheepishly 
admitted that all public utilities are vulnerable to prank phone 
calls. They make no effort to check up on the validity of any 
phone calls they get. If someone calls and claims he's Tom 
Edison, and he's moving out to Alaska tomorrow morning, 
you, sir, will have no electricity tomorrow morning! Or 
perhaps you simply won't be billed for electricity beyond . 
tomorrow morning. I haven't quite figured that one out yet, 
‘The final piece of the action reached me last week. I gota 
ill from Con Edison, again for a partial month, but this time 
with a new account number, and again with no mention of the 
past due balance. In the same mail I got a letter from Con 
Edison, welco) 
me as 2 new customer! 
T have no idea who my benefactor is, or if it was simply 
a human error at Con Edison, but the whole matter does raise 
some very interésting possibilities as to how to deal - or not 
deal - with public utilities. 
‘The Answer Man 
DEATH AND TAXES 
Vivian Kellemns, pho spent mast of her life fighting the In- 
ternal Revenue Service, sald repestedly the anly way the gov- 
ernment would cllect taxes from her would be “over mv deat 
"That 
feisty woman died last year, and 1 just read that the 
IRS collected $265,000 trom her estaie in back thxes, Does this 
~suuggest anything 00 yous 
READERS 
Dear TAP, 
‘The Post Office has been using a printer's ink formulation 
for years to cancel stamps. It is a composition of linseed 
oil and carbon-black. The linseed oil base,.can be softened 
by any of the standard paint remover formulations and 
washed out with gasoline, turpentine, efc., but the very 
finely dispersed carbon particles (sodt) are really in ‘there 
for.good; I've never been able to wash them out, and I say 
"out" because they pen&trate into the interstices of the 
paper and seem to lock there. Ii you have ever tried to 
bleach out newspaper print which is the same general kind 
of ink, you'll know what‘ mean. If you want to experiment, 
start out with newspapers, they're easier to come by than 
postage stamps. But remember, if you do much bleaching, 
you'll bleach out the more fragile inks in the stamps. 
So, obviously, the best thing to do is to keep the ink out 
of the stamp in the first place. I'll come back to that ina 
minute. First, though, some remarks about the 
new Post Office ink (or should we say the new "Postal 
Service, Inc"?). 
. 
‘We don't seem to have it yet out here in the West, but our 
mail from the East is now coming thru with a red colored 
cancellation ink, A few tests with home chemistry and we 
discover that the new ink is far more fragile than the old 
stuff and has real possibilities, But it has some difficulties 
attached to it too, First of all, turn on your psychedelic 
black light and look at it under ultra-violet light. WOW! 
It lights up just like your posters. This isa clue. CLUE, 
Don't forget it, While you're admiring the cancellation ink, 
(incidentally, the identical 
ink seems to be used in metered 
postal imprints), note something else. They've been telling 
us that the stamps all have fluorescent in them for detection 
by postal cancellation machines and that's why you can't 
make color Xerox copies of them and get away with it. Well, 
do you see any evidence of fluorescence in the stamp itself? 
Neither dol, But take a look at a Canadian stamp. Both. 
edges are coated with a invisible fluorescent material that 
lights up like a searchlight when UV hits it. It glows in 
bright yellow. Now I don't know that US stamps are not UV 
coded, but 
I don't see any evidence under any of my standard 
black light bulbs, This doesn't prove that there isn't some- 
thing there that'll shine under some other wavelength of 
excitation, such as from an argon bulb or a filtered arc 
lamp, but it is my guess that we are being led on. 
‘This fluorescent ink being used to cancel stamps, the new 
stuff, turns out to be highly soluble in alcohol. It washes 
right off in isopropyl (rubbing) alcohol. BUT, after you 
wash it off, take a look under UV light. It shines all over, 
Even the back of the stamp shines out, The stuff is bloody 
persistent, even when so dilute that you can't see any trace 
of it at all under the naked eye in normal illumination. 
What can you do about that? Well, a little home chemistry 
to the rescue again, A dilute solution of liquid bleach seems 
to wipe it out easily without being so strong as to bleach out 
the stamp. This seems to work. It's a good idea to neutral- 
ize the bleach with a little vinegar afterwards so the stamp 
will still be in good condition for its next trip. But the best 
way to solve the problem is ‘to protect the stamp with a 
little shot of clear lacquer or, if you haven'tgot that, with 
some white glue /see TAP #397. But the glue isn't water- 
proof like the lacquer and some of the red kind of ink defin- 
itely soaks into it so you have to watch out for this. The 
glue works great with the black ink however. When you soak 
the stamp, the glue peels right off. Scotch tape is perfect 
either way. Use the Magit kind which has a rough surface 
which takes a cancellation beautifully and doesn't show up 
well, Hint: Try smearing the stamp and envelope with deter- 
gent 
( laundry type }. It has a white fluorescent dye in it that 
masks residual red dye. 
Bug Juice 
Editor's note: Wow! Now that's what I call a well done report! 
‘The Establishment and grandmother - types might say: What a 
‘Shame. he uses his intelligence that way, We say Fuck the 
Establishment!
Since the Supreme Court vs Hampton decision in April 1976, 
the porkers are breaking the law with impunity to get a 
conviction. Juries are turning in guilty convictions even 
when the pigs overtly manipulated the person into committing 
a crime and provide 
the material for the crime. 
If the pigs 
want to put you away they will try:to arrange it. 
What this means is that there is no more defense of entrapment! 
It is also very hard to spot an undercover agent when their 
committing the crime themselves or trying to aid one into 
happenning. We know for sure that the pigs can and do provide 
drugs, stolen merchandise, sex, and even build blue and black 
boxes with you. The Supreme Porkers have given their local 
pig buddies permission to be vendors of anything illegal. 
Also, a pig does not have to say he's a pig when he's under- 
cover. 
You don't expect him/her to blow his cover do you? 
Asking a pig if he's a pig does ABSOLUTELY no good. 
Porkers are playing dirtier in some area's than in others. Be 
on the alert for their new tactics. The best way not to deal 
with a pig is to meet as many of a person's friends and family 
as you can before taking him into your confidence. Above all 
listen to your instincts. Instincts are a survival mechanism 
and will seldom advise you wrong. If you intuitively feel 
there's something wrong about someone, but can't put your 
finger on it - don't deal with them. 
‘Stay Free. 
Internal Security Committee 
by TOM EDISON 
‘The above figure, slightly modified, is a familiar sight to 
all NYC area readers. It's Con Edison's logo. I'm not going 
to bitch here about what 
a truly shitty utility it is. I don't have 
to. If you're unfortunate enough to be "serviced" by the Con, 
you know it 
first hand. Ai 
ou're lucky enough to live else- 
where, you've read all about the now infamous July 13, 1977 
blackout, A Con Ed s} 
t Con Ed was the best 
run utility in the nati 
11 let those of you who sweltered in 
the darkness for 25 hours 
and pay the highest electric rates 
in the countr 
ye of this asinine statement! 
The point that I 
make you aware of is that if ever 
there was a time t 
lectric meter, THAT WAS ITI 
With the j 
nd after you'd done all of your | 
selective looting, y 
than enough time to build the 
most undetectable jumper 
circuit, The only thing that I'm sorry 
about is that 
we 
didn't get a blackout in New Jersey for a few 
hours! I'm wiring my home for a 240 volt air conditioner and 
nothing would have 
greater pleasure than. to connect 
my line to the po 
BEFORE the meter! Maybe I can 
I Thought He Was On Our Side 
pray for another act of God? 
While spokesmen for Con Edison continue to explain away their company's responsibility for 
the blackout, Charles Luce, chairman of the utility company, offered the definitive explanation: 
“It appears it was an act of God.” 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to: 
Juice Thefts 
TAP, ROOM 418,152 W.42 ST, NY 10036 
BALD 
Squeezed Out 
KEASBEY, Nd 
Power failure yesterday was an 
Organized crackdown against elec- 
tricity thefts which Con Edison offi- 
and Bronx District Attorney 
Merola were scheduled to an- 
nounce at 1am. 
Merola was to announce the ar- 
rests of 13 small businessmen who 
allegedly ripped off Con Ed for $60,- 
000 ‘by tampering with their electric 
‘meters; and the utility was to tell the 
Public’ that it was increasing its 
Property protection force with a spe- 
ial unit for catching meter cheats. 
‘Those arrested were to be charged 
with a misdemeanor — theft of serv 
ices, 
“The press conference has been 
canceled until next week,” a spokes- 
man for Merola said. “It would be 
grossly inappropriate to lock up peo- 
pi for stealing 
power trom Con Ed 
in the middle 
of the power failure.”