Interview With A Grand Guy 
Jim Phelps: When I first met you, I was immediately re- 
minded of Terry Southern's hilarious Magic Christian, Guy 
Grand. Have you read it? 
“Guy Grand": Yes! When I was about twelve. It was the 
greatest book I ever read! You're the only person I ever 
met who heard of it. Do you remember the part where he 
built the vat in downtown Chicago, filled it with manure and 
$100 bills, heated it, and told people "FREE $ HERE"? And 
then there was the bit... 
JP: I think everyone should read the book instead. If they 
can find a copy - it's out of print and libraries no longer 
seem to have 
it, They 
may have to settle 
for the movie 
version which appears on TV occasionally. 
‘There have been many “Guys" through history. Have you 
heard the one Jean Shepherd: told recently on his WOR radio 
show? (Shepherd was immortalized with his "I, Libertine" 
literary hoax. There was an article about it in the Aug. 1, 
1956 Wall Street Journal. Among other errors, it misspelled 
his name.) A wealthy "Guy" in the 1890's arranged for an 
opera party. He gave free tickets to his aristocratic ac- 
quaintances for reserved seats, with the condition that 
everyone dress in white formal wear. His victims were all 
strategically located among the usual "black tie" patrons, 
and spelled out to those in the balccny what was, in those 
pre-Vietnam days, the ultimate obscenity. I don't suppose 
he was an ancestor of yours? 
GG: Iwish he was. 
JP: Then there was the bulldozer operator on the DEWline 
in northern Canada who used a couple of years of his spare 
time to create the world's largest FUCK. It is reportedly 
clearly visible at 30,000feet. You can imagine commercial 
jet pilots: "This is the Captain. On your left we are now 
passing one of Canada's unnatural wonders..." 
It is probably the first indication extra-terrestrial visitors 
would have of intelligent(?) life on this planet. At last re- 
port, it was still there. The Canadian gov't would like it 
destroyed but doesn't know how to word the necessary 
legislation and justify the expense, so they're ignoring it. 
Did you have anything to do with that? = — 
GG: No, but I'd like to contact him. 
JP: How long have you been doing your thing? 
GG: Atleast 5 or 6 years. I started with small things. I'd 
find a church which was raffling offa car. The 
day after the 
drawing, I'd call up 30 or 40 people in that neighborhood, 
tell them they'd won, and to go down and collect their prize. 
JP: A lot of your activities have innocent victims. I can't 
say that 
I approve of that, altho I do approve of creating 
chaos within the System. Have you read the Dluminatus! 
trilogy? Are you 2 member of the Legion of Dynamic 
Discord? Hail Eris! 
GG: All Hail Discordia! I like to stir things up. Make it 
hot for them. Keep politicians and bureaucrats on their 
toes. The poor slobs don't get mad at the perpetrator; 
they blame the organization. 
Here's one TAP readers may want to try. Call up The 
Phone Company to get the name of a business rep. Then 
get the names of some slobs or personal enemies out of the 
phone book. Use an old book to make sure they've been 
there two or three years. Call them, using the name of the 
br. and tell them: "We've been reviewing your phone bills. 
Due toa mistake in computer billing, we owe you a refund 
of $214 {Gr sg7. Because it is in excess of $100, we can’t 
credit it to your account or mail it to you. You'll have to 
Pick it up." Do 10 or 15 in one to one b. 
r. and you'll make 
his day. 
You can do something similar with the IRS. Get the name 
of an agent (the title they give to their thieves). Then call 
@ local small businessman and tell him you're Mr. ---- of 
the IRS, As soon as he hears IRS, he'll panic, will become 
a recording, and will answer anything you ask him. Tell 
him: "We've sent you several requests to appear for an audit, 
but you've ignored all of them. We're giving you ONE LAST 
CHANCE. You are expected here {5 days hencé7 with your 
records for (3 recent years or we'll take final action, * 
Call a bunch of people and schedule them all for the same 
day. That day you can find out how successful you were by 
calling the agent. Tell him in a panicky voice that you're 
gms 
TAP 
‘Mr. ---- and are scheduled for an audit, but had a terrible 
emergency and can't make it. He will say in a hysterical 
voice: "Don't come! It's a madhouse! That was a hoax! 
We're investigating!" 
JP. I liked the one about the telephone answering device. 
GG: Yeah! You geta tape recorder ready. Call 
up some- 
one with a device when he's not home, and record his "This 
is @ recording. At the signal, leave your message." Then 
call him again. At the signal, play YOUR recording of HIS 
recording. Do it four or five times. He will be convinced 
his machine is fucked up and will take it in for service. The 
company will say it is impossible. It will destroy his mind, 
JP: The thing you did with the 1040 form was very creative. 
GG: We took some 1040 forms for the past few years and 
made some changes. We got xx, 000 of them printed up (use 
discretion in choosing a printer) and distributed them into 
the stacks in Post Offices. They were weird and anyone 
should have realized it, but they've become so conditioned 
that they'll believe anything that looks official. We had 
things like Single/7 Married/7 Divorced/7 Shacking UpL7; 
Sign at the top; checking account # instead of SS#, etc. 
JP. You didn't get any feedback on that. But the thing with 
the Federal Reserve Board made the news, (The Oct. Pent- 
house, which was banned in New Hampshire for another 
reason, had an excellent article on the Board; also an inter- 
view with Murray Rothbard, one of the few economists who 
makes sense.) 
GG: I called an airline ahd made a First Class round trip 
reservation for a party of ten to the Bahamas. With hotel 
reservations. The whole bit. Told them to bill Arthur 
Burns and gave them his address, etc. Two months later, 
some Senator was raising hell about the $8, 000 hill the FRB 
couldn't explain. 
JP: The airline didn't call che FRB to confirm it? 
GG: Nah, they can't be bothered. (maybe they do now!) If 
you sound authentic, they have no reason to question it. 1 
have everything written out in advance - addresses and phone 
mumbers with extensions, banks and branch offices, purchase 
order #, everything! I us 
phone all day long on my job, 
and I know 
how people will react, I'm in -------- 
JP: That is not my favorite occupation. Did you hear 
about the airliner which lost an engine, then another, So the 
pilot said they'd have to jettison the baggage. ‘Then a third 
engine started misfiring, so he said: "We'll have to start 
jettisoning passengers. The order will be based on their 
value to society." A fight broke out between a used car 
salesman, a disc jockey, and a ----------. 
GG: Very funny! Harumpft 
JP: It's too bad you can't use your techniques to stop 
government spending. Cancel million dollar boondoggles, etc. 
GG: Well, this could save some people money if they have 
the right name. A lot of mayors have common names: 
Bradley, Gibson, etc. Find someone in another town with 
the same name. Send their electric company a change of 
address using the mayor's address for the new address. 
Ifa politician really bugs you, file amended tax returns 
for him. You need bis SS# for that. It's easier to mess up 
a middle level: bureaucrat by calling his superior, telling 
him you're with the State Investigation Dep't, and that the 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Ine. 1977 - Do not make checks 
‘out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators.
man is under investigation. "The IRS has informed us that 
he has sevdral-large bank accounts, We'd like to know if 
it's possible for him to make $80,000/year on his present 
job." This is a good one to use on welfare caseworkers. 
‘Their superiors will think their "clients" (parasites) are 
kicking back on their checks. 
JP; And even if the bureaucrat denies it, and nothing can 
be proven, they'll always be suspect. Chekhov wrote a 
‘story about suspicion once. You certainly seem to think it 
is possible to fight City Hall. You're the General and the 
slobs are the cannon fodder. The important thing seems to 
be to have the names of actual gov't employees and aim 
directly at them. 
GG: Yeah, they feel so secure, hiding behind the anonymity 
ofa parasitic job. Like the-time I arranged for $1800 
worth of NY Times classified advertising for one gov't 
agency. I wrote the ad to hire a lot of people - bilingual 
secretaries is a good one - with simple requirements (low 
typing speed, some steno) high salary, and included: "Apply 
in person to Mrs, ------- 
." It was a madhouse! Really 
made it hot for them! 
JP. Terry Southern, are you proud of yourself for creating 
this monster? 
GG: Ifyou can find out a politician's home phone number, 
get other people's calls transferred to it. I learned that from 
‘Bteal This Book. Here's one of my favorites: Ona Saturday 
I called the local Furniture and Appliance Dealers' Associa- 
tion, said I was a reporter from the local paper, and would 
like to get their comments 
on the 5% tax on all f&a sales the 
Mayor had pushed through the Council that Friday afternoon. 
‘Timing is important. By calling on a Saturday, they can't 
check on it. On Monday, there was pandemonium at City Hall. 
Here's one you can do to bill collectors. Find out who 
their lawyer is. Call some slob's wife. Tell her you are 
that lawyer and want to know what her husband is going to do 
about the overdue bilis at the Holiday Inn which he's ignored 
so far. Have dates and times: Checked in at 10am, checked 
out at l:46am. Make it hot for them. 
JP: I've heard the tapes you've made, and what surprises 
me is how unflappable you are and how you have a reply for 
almost everything. 
GG: You mean the time I called a woman and told her I was 
the police, and that we'd had a report that she was having 
loud arguments with her husband, She told me that was.im- 
possible, she was sewing. "Well, you're sewing too loudly, 
I said. She got angry and hung up. 
Then there was the pet owner 
I called told him I was with 
the ASPCA, and that we'd had a report he was having a 
bestial relationship with his German Shepherd, I described 
the animal perfectly., He got very upset. 
JP. What 
are you planning for the future, so I can warn 
everyone? 
GG: Well, I'm campaign manager for --- -----. 
» the ------ 
wo---- candidate for -- 
me 
JP: I can just see it now: "Republican Denies Charge”, 
"Democrat Denies..." What do you have in mind? 
GG;_T've already-said too much, 
Tim, 
For free magazine subscriptions, take the gift subscription 
card from a magazine (the one where you buy someone else 
& subscription and yourself one too). Fill in the gift sub- 
scription to yourself from a large hotel or anywhere there 
is a lobby with magazines. The bill gets sent to them. They 
probably won't know that they are paying for you too. The 
secretary who pays such @ small bill will never question 
whether it was authorized. They already get a sub, so they 
don't think twice. I used a local Howard Jobnson's and Holi- 
day Inn and have two free subs. For one I even got a gift 
card. You could be even more professional and find out the 
manager's name and send it to him. It's great! 
‘Agent 085 
Even if nobody pays the bill, the gift sub may go thru. It 
takes a couple of months before they realize nobody's going 
to pay the bill, and the computerized mailing list may not be 
programmed to pull the gift subs as well as the original. 
Most periodicals are willing to take a loss on some subs to 
get a high circulation so they can charge a higher advertising 
rate. Some people say "Bill me" and after a few notices, 
say "I sent you a money order for this last month" and they 
get the rest of the sub with no more static. 
IP 
STICK ’EM UP! 
Aré you ever in an office 
|, and have to relieve 
yourself (to put it'politely) but THE WASHROOMS (a. 
euphemism) ARE LOCKED? Why are they locked? Are 
they afraid someone will steal the shit? I believe itwas 
Jack Leonard who asked these questions, I like to give 
credit where credit is due, 
Years ago I went to a printer to have some gummed 
labels printed up. He advised me that it would be cheaper 
to bave a rubber stamp made and use it on blank gummed 
labels. Thus it is a simple matter to vent one's wrath 
(and bladder, if you choose) on the door, 
Why is this room focked? 
Are you afraid someone 
will steal the shit? You 
FORCED me to take a leak 
out here on the fleor. 
I know someone 
is going to ask: "What 
about the poor 
janitor 
who has to clean it off (and possibly up)?" In most 
buildings, he is a union member and probably better paid 
than you are, and if he's not doing that, he's doing some 
other job. His philosophy is probably, justifiably, Parkin~ 
‘son's Law: “Work expands to fill the time" 
THARKS FCR TAKING 2 
PAAKGRG SPAGES, YOU 
INCONSIDERATE BASTARD! 
‘This also can be very satisfying. To insure good adhesion, 
be sure to clean road film and dust off the windshield before 
applying. The "Lick'em and Stick'em" kind is probably 
Preferable to the self-sticking kind which can sometimes be 
easily peeled off. The number of stickers you use on a 
Single windshield should depend on the relative difficulty of 
finding another parking space in the area, The most 
difficult 
part is keeping a straight face if you remain in the 
vicinity and watch your victim return. 
Some animals deserve more than a temporarily obscured 
windshield. A neighbor of mine reported that on a recent 
trip to a supermarket 
she saw somegne 
in the act of parking 
in 
a spot marked "For Handicapped Only", 
"You're not 
Supposed to park there" she chided him. "I'm a cop, I can 
park wherever I want." he replied. He was NOT on duty. 
For his kind, I recommend 1 1/2" or so nails, one placed 
before and behind each tire, at the innermost portion of the 
tread to minimize visibility, wedged into the tread, so that 
when he moves, quadruple POW! My sympathies to anyone 
he encounters in the next few days, because animals like 
this usually take out their frustration on some innocent person, 
FUCKED UP 
is useful for defective vending machines, parking meters, 
or whatever. 
For anything or anybody which doesn't fit in any of the 
‘above categories, there is always the classic 
a
KEYBOARD KRAZIES by KRAMMAS 
Double pole single throw keyboards greatly 
simplify the construction of a blue box. However, 
they are quite difficult to obtain, and dpst 
pushbuttons are not really s viable alternative 
due to their high cost (about $2 apiece 
An exsisting keyboard, the GTE Telephone Data 
Entry keyboard ($7.77 from Polypaks - part #92cu3419) 
Can be modified to become a keyboard which can 
used 
(without diodes) to implement either the 8038 
or 555 blue boxes. 
NOTE: it is strongly suggested that this be read 
through at least once before actually modifying 
the keyboard. 
1. snap off the plastic cover surrounding the 
pushbuttons, which allows you easy access to the 
four screws holding the bottom of the keyboard on. 
When you remove this plastic cover take care not to 
disturb the fine brass wires under it. 
2. remove the thick bottom plate and the plastic 
sheet underneath itt which holds the springs in place. 
3. remove the large springs which will now protrude 
out of the backs of the buttons. 
4. You will now see 8 metal strips running horicontally 
across the back of the keyboard. 
Each one has 
3 contacts on it which correspond to the 3 vertical 
rows of the keyboard. 
Remove all of these strips. 
5S. remove the rectangular plastic relay actuator 
bar. Two recessed channels will be left by the removal 
of this bar. Wires added later will be run through 
these channels. 
6. The following modification must be performed on 
each of the 8 metal strips you temoved in step 4. 
?. Solder 2 wires fron under the strip onto the 
far left sides of holes B and D. Keep these 
wires as far to the left as possible so that they 
will fit into the channels under the strips and 
will not interfere with the spring action. 
8. ‘The strips should then be cut into 3 pieces 
by cutting away at the points indicated. The 
small square of metal between the cuts can be 
discarded. 
9. Place all the metal strip sections back into 
the slots, making sure the plastic positioning 
Pegs are in holes A,C,and £. Run the wires dow 
the channels and out the ends of the board. 
A 
small dab of glue can be used under each metal 
Piece if you are worried about them shifting out 
of place. Be careful! Too much glue can run 
down onto the buttons and impair their movement. 
9. Replace all the large springs, dropping one 
into each of the holes on the back of the 
buttons. 
10. Replace the plastic sheet, making sure the 
fine brass wires are in their proper holes again. 
11, Replace the thick bottom plate. The relay 
contacts can be removed and discaried as they 
have been disabled by the removal of the 
actuator. 
12, Compress the bottom plate against the main 
body of the keyboard and replace the four screws 
holding it on. 
13, Before enapping the plastic cover back over 
the keytops, make sure the fine brass wires are 
properly run along their grooves and that all the 
metal switch contacts are on the inside of the 
wires. 
Row that the keyboard is back together, here is 
how to use it in your blue box. Vertical buss 
wires A,B, and C should be soldered together to 
form one comnon side. Vertical bues wires D,E, 
and F are soldered together to form the common 
side of the other pole. All the other contacts 
to the switches are along the sides of the 
keyboard, or are one of the wires running out of 
the channels. If you took notes as you modified 
you know which wire is what, but a check with an 
ohmmeter will identify all the wires with their 
buttons. These individual wires can tnen be 
connected through the proper resistances back to 
your 2 oscillators. 
NEW CONTACT WIRES 
SWITCH CONTACT 
WERE 7: 
NOT HERE 
aie 
EE 
a 
FINE -BRASS WIRES 
BUSS WIRES A,B,C 
Guss wires DE,F 
« 
go 
« 
e. 
“eS ba 
eZ 
5 
3g 
it 
F} 
2 
E 
Zé 
be 
bE 
3 
oe
Dear TAP, 
I recently hooked up a Mallory Sonalert to my telephone 
line for signalling purposes, as shown in issue #26. When 
‘someone tries to dial out, as soon 
as the called party 
answers, the Sonalert starts buzzing. This buzzing is 
carried onto the line and can be heard on the telephone. 
I don't know what has happened, but it may be that lam 
serviced by General Telephone instead of Bell. What do 
you think? The schematic and the hockup I'm using are 
below. 
1T 
‘The Sonalert sounds because of an idiosyncracy of GTE 
step. In this system, when a telephone call supervises 
(charges), the polarity of the pair coming from your central 
office changes. This causes the diode in the circuit of 
Issue 26 to conduct, sounding the Sonalert. The circuit you 
sent should work. This quirk in GTE Step can be used to 
your advantage. By monitoring the polarity of your tele- 
phone line, you can easily tell whether your favorite loop- 
around charges. To make the phone automatically hang up 
when a number charges, put a 100piv lamp diode in series 
with your phone so when you pick up, the diode is forward 
biased, i.e. it conducts, and you get 
a dial tone. When the 
call you make supervises, the diode will be backbiased (not 
conducting) and you will get a dial tone. 
Edward Extract 
P.O, Box 640 
Lockport, NY 14094 
ED, NOTE: Try putting a 66 volt 5 watt Zener diode in series 
with the Sonalert, This will then conduct during ringing but 
be reversed biased when the line polarity changes: 
Reverse Red & Green if you get constant tone, 
2K 
100PIV/! Amp 
Diode 
To Red 
= se 
af 
FT) 
Fine 
56 volt 5 watt 
—— 
Zener diode 
Issue #38 mentioned the Sten gun, Well, there's a book, 
tit 
“Improvised Weapons of the American 
round", 
a Desert Publication, available direet or from Loompanics’ 
\catalog is now $l, See #38) or from Eden Press, that con- 
tains a set of plans for a .45Sten. Unfortunately the draw- 
ings are either overscale or underscale and require some 
sorting out. As was pointed out, most factory Stens are 9mm. 
and one can legally obtain every part except the receiver in 
99MM. 
Also mentioned was Saxon's "Poor Man's James Bond", a 
book I wrote you quys about a long time ago. Saxon now 
publishes "The Survivor", a small newspaper sort of publi- 
cation. $6 for a subscription from Atlan Formularies, Box 
438, Eureka, CA. 95501. 
Agent 972 
IF AT FIRST YOU 
DON’T SUCCEED 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
‘Address 
all mail and checks to 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
NEW YORK (AP) — A woukbbe robber with 
sloppy handwriting was arrested because the 
teller sald she couldn't decipher 
the stickup 
‘ote and told him to write another one that was 
readable, While he did, she puabed the set 
alm, 
42 
[ 
E 
E B 
tI 
i 
fl 
at 
t 
Hg 
} 
pean American Bank branch in Broakiya 
Wednesday and banded ‘Ma. Medden a badly 
ire veers 
3 doe mapet, ented s Rel Baten 2, 
‘was filling out & fresh withstrawal slip, slient 
alarms were sounded and a customer wrestled 
5 
3 
F 
u 
7% a 
E 
0. 
From The News Tribune 
‘Thursday, February 17, 1977 
Dear TAP, 
My order of back issues arrived yestérday. Thanks. 
That's what I call SERVICE! {a compliment, for a change{} 
Tapplaud your exposure of the slimy habits of so-called 
phone phreaks, who are lower than cockroaches, undermin- 
ing society. I have no sympathy for the scum who would 
‘steal from the phone company. 
Your magazine fully documents the electronic gimmicks 
used by these disgusting creatures but does not go into some 
of the more common consumer frauds that I have heard are 
perpetrated. For instance... 
J. Doe wishes to defraud the phone co, but is in no hurry 
about it. He calls and asks for a phone to be installed at 
100 Avenue E, his "new" address (actually he's lived there 
for years) He says his name is Franz Kafka, The nice lady 
at phone co. HQ asks Mr. Kafka for his SS#, unfortunately 
Kafka has lived most of his life outside the US, and has not 
yet gotten a SS#, How about an employer? Mr. Kafka is 
self-employed. A bank? He has none. Credit cards? No. No 
references at alll All be has is a trusted friend in whose 
apartment he is living pending his move to Ave. E. He gives 
name, address, and phone # of trusted friend. (The phone 
co. WILL later call this number on some pretext to check if 
Kafka is known there, so the friend had better play along) 
‘The kind lady will be dismayed about Kafka's lack of refer- 
ences, but will in the end get him his phone, provided ha 
pays the $60 deposit. Doe, alias Kafka, doesn't mind 
‘because it pays more interest than a savings account and 
after six months of good behavior he gets it refunded anyway. 
‘THEN, he calls like crazy - Hong Kong, Brazil, wherever - 
and quite freely, till the phone is eventually disconnected, 
‘The phone co. comes around looking for Franz Kafka and Doe 
willingly answers the door, saying Kafka just moved out to 
the Fiji Islands, Doe naturally 
shows his own ID to prove 
he isn't Kafka, 
You see where this leads? Anarchy! Destruction of the 
Free World as we know it! The techniques can also be used 
on Con Edison, tho the scum involved who do such things say 
that Con Ed is so inefficient it's hardly worth it, 
Another piece of phone co. consumer info is that if you 
arrange for your phone to be disconnected temporarily, it 
takes them months to catch on to the fact that you've actually 
absconded. They then send a few final bills and then GIVE 
UP - no collection agency bills or anything. I have heard 
that unscrupulous people take advantage of this. 
I trust your crusade to wipe out fraud is successful. 
each, 409 each 
Uf you erder 
30 
xxx 
‘BECP 
ER province 
nsat fr Ust of stare areca, 
GPRETGEELS tnaniesoiad envelope 30 
Camda & 
stapied 
$4. Foreign 37. 
‘malliog 
label or Xerox copy 
P about your subscription. 
‘Gourpan - 50f each A - Basic Hlectricity B-A.C. 
‘~ Basic Phone Oporation D~ Amplifiers 
Send only check or monay arder (NO CASE) to 
‘TAP, 162 W 42 Street, Room 418, New York 10088 
i