FIGHTING THE BIGGEST 
MONOPOLY OF ALL 
No, it's not The Phone Company. It's The Establishment. 
Big Brother. Da Guviment. Victims of lesser monopolies 
can at least refuse to use and pay for their services. But 
Big Brother's victims must pay whether or not they receive 
any "services", Payments are called "taxes", Big Brother 
is insatiable. The more $ he gets, the more he wants. The 
"better" to run our lives. He has become a cancer and like 
any cancer, will continue 
to grow, if unchecked, until he 
destroys his host. He has already grown to the point that 
there are more pecple employed by him than by so-called 
free enterprise. 
There was a time when people controlled the gov't, not 
vice versa. "Two hundred years ago" (Do you watch those 
Bicentennial Minutes on TV? Wow!) there was @ Libertarian 
REVOLUTION. People decided they wanted to run their own 
lives, instead of letting others run them. They decided to 
spend their money as they saw fit, instead of giving it to 
King George to spend as he saw fit. 
What happened? We're as bad off now as we were under 
King George. 44+ of our income goes to taxes (direct and 
hidden). This is more than the 25% the feudal serfs paid 
their lords and masters. Whatwent wrong? "Eternal 
vigilance is the price of liberty". We weren't vigilant 
enough! 
Now a Second Libertarian Revoluticn is taking place. 
There is a real live political party which is opposed to 
monopolies, victimless crime laws, taxes, gov't secrecy, 
etc. and believes "that gov't which governs least, governs 
best Their candidates will be on the ballot in about 35 
states, And if you think that's easy, quess again. Tweedle- 
dee and Tweedledum don't want anyone else joining their 
"club", 
Roger MacBride, the renegade who in 1972 was a Presi- 
dential elector and decided that he could not be a rubber 
stamp, could not in good conscience vote for Tricky and 
Spiro, will be the LP's Presidential candidate. There will 
be hundreds of other Libertarian candidates for Federal, 
State, and local offices whom you may be able to vote for. 
Or...you can sit on your ass, and do nothing ("Vote for 
Nobody"). Except complain. 
‘Tweedledee and Tweedledum wouldn't let anyone else 
join their debate, so Norman Lear is considering staging a 
debate between Clean Gene, Maddox, and Roger. It should 
be every bit as good as his other great shows (All in the 
Family, etc.). Let him know you'd like to see it. 
Jim Phelps 
THE WAY IT SPOSED TO BE 
Yau are in violation of your oath of office and 
‘are willtully depriving the citizens 
of this State of their Rights under the color of 
Law. (Sec. 241 & 242, Title 18, US, Code; June 25,1948 
Ch. 645, 62 Stet. 696). 
Violation of your Oath of Office also constitutes giving aid end comfort to the enemies 
of this Republic. The penalty under the Law of Posse Comitatus. { U.S. Con. 1X 
‘amend,, Manus! 
of Christian Common Law p. 22, Dev. 21:22, 23.) 
“He shall be removed to the most populated intersection 
of streets in the township 
‘and at high noon be hung by the neck, the body remaining until sundown es an 
example 
to those who would subvert the law."” 
All persons are presumed to know the Law ( 16 Am Jur 2nd, 178) 
YOU ARE HEREBY ORDERED BY THIS CITIZEN TO CEASE YOUR UNLAWFUL 
ACTS, (St. Lukes 11:21) 
Do you remember in the westerns, when the Sheriff would 
organize a Posse and go after the Bad Guys? Well, this is 
the same Posse. Can't you just see Tricky and Spiro and 
all the rest of them, hung by the neck, the bodies remaining 
for the vultures? 
, a 
~ 
wT 
SEPT: OCT 1976 
Dear TAP, 
As you probably know, Captain Crunch got busted again. 
They recently sentenced him to four months inthe Federal 
slammer at Terminal Island, Long Beach, CA. 
‘The FBI had been grilling him for weeks about technical 
ymowledge of the phone and phone/computer systems. Even 
this co-operation didn't get him off, as they intimated it 
would. {Never trust a pig7 The pricks were going to give 
him three years, but the guy he works for intervened and 
got the sentence reduced so John can get back on the job 
where he's needed. 
Meanwhile, John's made quite a stir in the press and 
Jocal talk shows. I haven't heard any, but I guess it's blow- 
ing their minds, I just hope he doesn't say too much ... for 
his sake and ours. .. If you want to confirm any of this, his 
home number is (415) 964-9041, but I have to believe it's 
bugged. So you might leave a message at either of the fol- 
lowing numbers and have him call you: work (415) 483-1953, 
answering service: 965-1557. 
Anyway, we survivors might well cool it a bit since it 
looks like the Feds are out to do a job. Once in a while, 
tho, one might express his views to the warden about all 
this shit... Terminal Island Slammer: (213) 831-8961. 
Sam 
NO.39 
Obscene Mail? 
Dear TAP, 
T have read in previous TAP articles how to dismantle, 
destroy, and do fun things to pay phones. Saw about putting 
Crazy Glue (as seen on TV) in the coin box lock for fun and 
non-profit. I find most of your info on coin box removal 
difficult to utilize without a portable machine shop. 
‘Now let me explain in detail the professional way to remove 
@ pay phone intact in less than 75 seconds. 
THE SIX BUZZ SYSTEM 
‘The night before the fun, remove the cover from the nov, 
outlet box, and take off the wire nuts so alligator clips can 
be easily attached for your buzz saw. 
Wear eye goggles. The frame that supports the phone is 
aluminum! Makes buzzing a pleasure. Cut the aluminum 
frame at six points and the phone falls out. (The Silent 
Majority might call this a third rate burglary. We just 
call it diplomatic immunity.) 
‘All the preceding info is a rough copy for a new TV series 
"Phones Can Be Fun". 
Sincerely Yours, 
US Information Service 
‘The Supreme Court defined obscenity as being utterly 
without redeeming social value, which this letter may be. 
‘They also said that obscenity violates contemporary 
community standards, and we don't know anything about 
your community. 
© 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators.
ASK MR. PHELPS 
ABOUT 
FREE POSTAGE 
Q. I've been putting my stamps 1 1/2" lower’than the nor- 
mal position but they still get canceled. What do you recor 
me: 
lose somé 
Win some 
A. I'm glad somebody's doing it. Most of our incoming mail 
has the stamp in the "wrong" place where it is certain to 
get canceled. Wake up, people! You can't win if you don't 
even play the game! If you wonder why our outgoing mail 
often has the stamp in the "wrong" place, blame my col- 
leagues, and lack of time (So get your ass in here and help 
out!) 
. 
We are victims of the Mark I facer/canceler which locates 
the stamp wherever it is. It processes 20,000 letters per 
hour except when it jams. However, it reportedly can't tell 
a new stamp from a used one. (Hmmm!) To counteract the 
Mark II (I wonder what happened to the Mark I?), mail your 
letters in towns which still have only the standard machine. 
Most (but not all) postal employees are so apathetic (with 
good cause) that they don't bother to hand cancel the ones 
which slip thru, 
Some people have tried spraying 
the stamp with clear 
Plastic spray. Rubbing paraffin.over it heavily is another 
possibility, 
- 
"It works beautifully! One such envelope looked like they 
Spent five minutes trying to cancel it - but nota mark on 
the stamp! They finally ran the envelope through upside 
down figuring no one was going to remove the stamp, but 
because of the cheap glue it came right off. Examine the 
stamp on this letter. Heh, heh. It might be good for a 
third trip... ‘Rain, snow, sleet, darkness...'. The old 
Persian that wrote that never ran into a Phone Phreak." 
N. E. Bell Buster 
This method can freak them out and they may mutilate 
the stamp. We have also received a stamp coated with 
rubber cement, which rubs off easily. 
"Some stamps can be cleaned by rubbing on your fore- 
head. Perspiration’can do wonders to some stamps. Guys 
in pens learned this a long time ago." 
Babe 
A BETTER WAY 
For years truck drivers and stevedores who wish to 
share the wealth of the cartons: they handle have used 
Elmer's Glue-All to reseal them. It dries clearly, quickly 
AMAZING 
Now you too can use Elmer's Glue-All. When mailing 
letters, coat the stamp with 
it, The recipient soaks the 
Stamp in water, says the magic words "Lysander Spooner" 
and the cancellation 
DISAPPEARS LIKE MAGIC! 
‘Thanks to Agent 354, Woodstock Anarchist Party News- 
letter (Box 171, Stockton, CA 95201. It's a sort of anar- 
chist penpal service), and our own Simon Pure, who said: 
"I thought everyone knew that," 
So, PLEASE use Elmer's on your mail to TAP, and tell 
us if you do. 
"A new one being pulled by people with postage meters is 
to punch up 1. 3¢ postage on first-class letters. It looks so 
much like 13¢ that most of it gets by Letter Sorting Machines. 
T have also received mail where the meter tape read O¢ and 
it went through okay. 
"The old bit about putting stamps 1 1/2" down isn't work- 
ing here. The PO is looking 
for it and the last man to handle 
a letter is to smudge all uncanceled stamps." 
Satisfied Customer 
Q. What about a source for counterfeit stamps? 
A. "Here's how to beat the cost of postage today. Items 
needed: Xerox” color copier, sewing machine, glue stik, 
one sheet of stamps. 
Step 1 - Photocopy the sheet of stamps. 
. 
Step 2 - Perforate the copy with the sewing machine, Use 
large gage needle and remove thread and bobbin. Leave the 
pressure bar up (that’s the little ski shaped thing that press 
presses on the fabric) 
Step 3 - Cut stamps apart with scissors. 
‘When you mail a letter, rub the glue stik on the back of 
the copy and attachjt sideways on the envelope, The reason 
is that some Xer 
machines will reduce the copy slitely. 
‘Turning the "stamp" Sideways will confuse the scanners so 
much that the stamp will probably be accepted. /“probably"27 
Good books to have are: The Mother Earth 
News Almanac, 
Bantam Books, $1.95; How to Live Cheap 
but Gond by Martin 
Puriss, Dell Books, $1. 50; The Impoverished Student's Book 
of Cooking, Drinkery, and Housekeeping by Jay Rosenberg, 
Doubleday, $1. 50, 
Have you thought of sending TAP representatives to the 
East Coast Science Fiction Conventions? Ata recent con in 
Boston I met five phone phreaks and we were able to have 
our own pp seminar. 
Keep 'em flying, 
‘The Mad Fone Freak 
I'm at NYC's Lunacon every year. Last year I heard 
‘Someone discussing Blueboxes and was about to introduce 
myself when I realized he was a straight Telco employee. 
Maybe I'll see you there next year. Your method is very 
ingenious, but also very illegal. A considerably less illegal 
idea is this one, reprinted without permission from Time. 
Cheap Shot 
Someone 
two weeks ago mailed all 
100 U.S. Senators a four-page pamphlet 
Whoever 
wanted to send the Sen- 
that was written by the ultra-right-wing, 
John Birch Society and demanded Pres 
ident Nixon's impeachment. The 
grounds 
for this action were unblinking- 
ly harsh: Nixon's “deliberate treason 
in the conduct of both foreign and do- 
mestic policy. Almost as bad, the dia 
tribe went on, “Mr. Nixon has spent 
more money—and has spent it more 
‘wastefully—than any other Preaident, 
monarch, diciator of ruler of any kind 
inal] human history.” 
envelopes carrying the blast were 
franked with a privately printed samp 
picturing 
« pair 
of hands held 
in prayer, 
the American flag and the inscriptions 
FOR GOD AND COUNTRY and FIGHT 
COMMUNISM, 
the bogus stamps 
carried no rate and no official impri- 
matur declaring 
them to be U.S. post- 
. 
bets 
‘CANCELED BOGUS STAMP & POSTMARK ON ANTHAIXON LITTER DELIVERED TO SENATOR 
‘The grounds for urging impeachment were uablinkingly harsh, 
Your own ingenuity should produce many other ideas such 
as: Commemorating Halloween and Triskaidecaphobia, with 
a black cat and a witch on a broomstick and, of course, a 
big 13. As long 
as it doesn't say "US Postage", it isn't 
illegal to print them. Using them is something else.
Isn't it funny how everyone hates the Postal Monopoly? 
Ben Franklin must be turning over in his grave. Did you 
know that, once upon a time, it had free market competition? 
In 1844 Lysander Spooner established the American Letter 
Mail Company between NYC and Boston. Later he added 
service to Philadelphia and Baltimore. It was more effic- 
tent than the PO and would have driven it out of business. 
Not by force, but by the customers' right to freedom of 
choice, Survival of the fittest. So Congress outlawed pri- 
vate competition. And the "service" has gone downhill ever 
since, 
WHY IT COSTS 13 CENTS 
For the convenience of its workers, the deficit- 
plagued Postal Service has leased two parking lote. in 
Boston (annual cost, $264,600), hired guards to police 
them, and purchased two buses to trang} 
‘the work- 
ers the | 
long hike of three to five blocks to their 
post 
ling. 
We 
have a modest su 
‘ion. 
don't tney just 
rail thence te nore’ 
Or ure they afraid taeytt 
never get there? 
NY Daily News 
It costs 8¢ to actually deliver a letter. The other 5¢ goes to 
(among other things) subsidize magazines like Fortune and 
newspapers which are mostly ads. 
‘There is hope, however. Rep. Crane's bill HR 4951 
would allow private companies to carry first-class mail. 
Many Young Americans for Freedom (they're not complet- 
ely for freedom, but who's perfect?) have been handing 
out literature in front of Post Offices urging support of it. 
In Tennessee, they po'd the PO, who angrily ordered them 
to leave, Lawyers said it was okay, so they returned. 
THAT'S NOT MY DEPARTMENT 
It's always flattering to get personal mail, but please 
don't write me about matters electronic. My specialties 
are just about everything except electronics. I know what 
all those symbols mean, and I can wire a kit (and enjoy 
assembling Heathkits) but that's about it. Would you believe 
that I don't even own a Blue Box? No, I didn't think you'd 
believe that! Send your questions about electronics to Tom 
Edison (or Al Bell, who has plenty of time to help you), 
Jim Phelps 
Dear TAP, 
‘This was a really good course offered by the Dept of Elec- 
trical Engineering & Computer Science at U of Cal, Berkeley. 
Prof. Kotok was from MIT and really into computers. Of the 
45 people in the class, at least 30 (including myself) were 
into phone and/or computer phreaking. Even Capt. Crunch 
and some of his blind friends were there! Lots of acquaint- 
ances were mage and even better, lots of knowledge was 
passed around. We studied "Notes on Distance Dialing" by 
AT&T and various BSTJs and even went on a tour ofa #1 ESS 
Central Office in Oakland, courtesy of Pacific Tel. It was 
great] Term papers ranged from "Frequency Division Mul- 
tiplexing Systems" to "How to Combat the Various Colored 
Boxes", I got an A on mine, a description of a PBX system. 
Whistling Off, 
Rich 
Department of EECS 
CS 198 sec. 3 
Course in Telephony 
‘To be offered only once Winter Quarter 1976 by: Alan Kotok, 
Visiting Lecturer, CS Division. Prerequisites: E17 or CS 
150. Graded 3 Units. 3 hours of lecture per week MWF 3-4pm. 
Course will cover all aspects of telephony with emphasis 
on telephone switching systems. The development of tele- 
Phone switching is traced from the days of manual exchanges, 
through step-by-step switching, panel switching, #1 and #5 
Crossbar switching to Electronic Switching Systems. 
Other topics to be covered include traffic analysis, Trans- 
mission Systems, Interoffice Organization and Control, Key 
‘Telephone Systems and PBXs, Data Transmission and Econ- 
omic Considerations. 
‘Dear People, 
A bit of advice on that Credit Card Code - don't keep 
instruction sheets on how to do it around. Memorize and 
throw it out or give it to someone else with the same advice. 
T sent mine to a friend in ---. He got busted for possession 
of speed, and when the cops in their usual regard for the 
Bill of Rights came across it during their search of his 
papers, etc., he said they started behaving like rabid bab- 
cons, instead of your typical ("you in trouble, boy" etc) 
Southern pigs. 
Agent 038 
It would be nice if we could treat copies of TAP so they 
self-destruct when handled by a pig. 
IP 
Dear Jim, 
‘The following info is vital to national (Woodstock Nation) 
security. The Air Force's key generals have 16 button 
telephones on their desks. 
1 
2 
3 
FO 
Flash Override 
456 F 
Flash 
789 1 
Intermediate 
* 
0 # P 
Priority 
‘The extra four buttons just knock down regular AUTOVAN 
traffic and get the emergency call thru. AUTOVAN is the 
military communications telephone system. It is better 
than the FTS, If you can find a base operator (USAF is best) 
who is cool, you can call anywhere in the world. P is for 
just about all calls when the line is busy. I is for quick 
communication with other brass and for alerts, etc. F is 
used to report an "act of war" commited against the general's, 
command and FO is for nuclear warfare and is never used 
except 
for tests. I would like to know the 4 + 2 cloumn 
frequencies. Fascinating! So would wel7 
Also, I'd like to know where to get a 16 button job. You 
can't just take a grocery bag and walk into a command 
general's war room and rip off his phone. Take care. 
You can use my name and print my address. I enjoy 
receiving mail. 
Bill B. Moorefield 
Box PMB 97013 
Atlanta, GA 30315 
ELECTRIFYING, TOO 
Shocking Time 
In Phone Booth 
A tales executive who only Tourtnier, who lives in Santa 
sought a coin returned from a 
began his call, mean- 
pay phone instead received the 
Ehock of his life, a court jory 
When 
tht 
shed 
Then 
the operator pushed 
& 
voltae cietiars'iacgee sala control button releasing the 
imony 
mage coin, Courtnier received a 
jolt 
a? 
‘st 
inthe da 
of 110 volts direct current (DC), 
his attorney said. 
‘The resulting shock, felt 
knocked to the around his hand and wrist, 
|, 
sustaining injuries to caused him to fall to the 
neck and back bis lawsuit 
As 
ult, Carroll Court- 
‘ground. 
Kavalaris told 
jurors that 2 
Courtnier, 54, fell victim to search of telephone repair 
the freak accident on Dec. 3, records revealed that 
two simi- 
1970, when he was traveling an lar customer complaints of 
‘LL-state territory as western re- shocking accidents at the same 
gional sales manager for a wire pay phone locatich had been re- 
and cable firm. 
ported during the previous 
In the midst of a light rain, 
a 
Courtnier stopped ci an ourdoor 
goin tlophens in vveate with 
S28000 
davsanes, are be 
intent of 
‘ing 
a long-dis- 
sought, 
ing 
inte, 
tasee, creditcard 
tal to's et Clara County upertor Court 
ent. So his attorney,.Charles 
because 
the defendant, Call 
Kavalaris, told jarors during an nia Western Telephone Co., 
opening statement. 
maintains its headquarters in 
Inserting a quarter in the Los Gatos. 
coin slot (he haé no dime in his 
P.S. The vicum’s 
quarter was 
pocket) to reach the operator, returned, his lawyer said.
LET’S MAKE A DEAL 
When we opened our office a year ago, we had high hopes 
that a horde of volunteers would engulf us. {t'sbeen more 
like a trickle. All you lazy bastards ask for a convention 
(iree, of course) but you're too lazy to come in to our free 
convention every Wednesday 4 to 7pm or later. This office 
with its convenient midtown location is a considerable ex- 
pense, and I for one am beginning to wonder: who needs it? 
We can always go back to printing TAP (occasionally) in 
some obscure basement. 
Putting out TAP is a‘lot of work and the initial fascinatior 
has worn off. We'd like to be able to spend our time on re- 
search, not cn filling out orders and sticking on labels, etc. 
We know you're out there; there are over --- subscribers 
in the metropolitan area, and that doesn't include all of you 
who read a friend's copy. 
Most readers of most publications enjoy seeing their 
name in print. For some reason, TAP readers don't, 
So, we may have to "make you an offer you can't refuse": 
a personal, printed invitation in TAP, "Dear Fred Jones, 
How about getting off your ass at 710 W 14 Street and coming 
in and helping out?" If you come in and help out, we won't 
print your name. But if you don't come in, .heh, heh, we 
warned you! 
“IP 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND (X) 
was delightful and innovative (sort of a Phantom Toll 
Booth for the post-pubescent) tho hardly deserving of its 
X rating. A small soft x would have been more appro- 
priate. It should be interesting to see what happens when 
it hits the small towns of MittelAmerika with their "contem- 
porary community standards Now that this virgin terri- 
tory has been penetrated, the mind boggles at the other 
possibilities: "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Goldi- 
locks and the Three Bears} 
JP 
BJ 
9-29 
39 
Please contact us! 
‘Address all mail and checks to 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
xerox® COPIERS et al: ACCESS 
In order to limit access and facilitate interdepartmental 
budget accounting, many office copiers have had an "Audit 
Key" installed on them. When viewed from the bottom, 
pins 1 and 3 pick the counter solenoid; pins 4 & 5 are unused; 
pins 2 & 6 are bridged With a 3300a- 10% 1 watt resistor 
on all units tested to date. 
If the key can not be used, the copier can be cycled by 
shorting sockets 2 & 6 in the keyway with a resistor held in 
an appropriate extender, such as taped to the end of a pencil 
and the leads formed accordingly. 
‘The unused pins are ideal for using a trap or alarm; in 
order to avoid blowing a fuse we recommend testing first. 
A V.O.M, used across the fifteen possible pairs will give 
you the required values of a sample key in use in your area. 
ivf 
4 
cae 
5 
3 
6 
Additions, Corrections, and Comments welcomed. 
Simon Pure 
Back Janus are 60 each, 40 each if you crdar 30 or 
more, See 
Ssauss for list of feature articles. 
= 19 tewues 
- US bulk rato $4. 
US Firsi Claas in plain sealed envelope $8. 
“Canada 
& Mexico stapled $8, Foreign _ 37. 
PANT 
Include mailing iabel or Xerox copy 
‘when writing to TAP about your subscriptice. 
Baak.~ Monepoly $1.20 
~ $09 exch A - Basic Electricity B-A.C, 
G'= Basic Phone Oporation D~ Amplifiers 
‘Send 
only check or mznay order (NO CASE) to 
‘TAP, ibd W 42 Street, Room 418, New York 10038 
‘This 'ts a mall drop only. 
Ofice: 1201 Broadway, 
Room 08, New York 19001 
Hours: Wednesday, 4= 7 om, 
‘TAP T-shirts 4. Specify aize: Small, Med., Large, X-Large, 
‘TECHNOFREAKS WANTED 
Iwe are forced to destroy our mailing list to prevent 
{tg falling into the wrong hands, wiat's i So write 
Tom or 
me, now, and got on our private secure lists, ‘Tell us what 
your skilts and interests are. 
e 
Published far informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Ine, 
BULK RATE 
U.S, POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit No, 209 
Great Neck, N.Y,