DR,ATOMIC’ 3SUNDERGROUNDDRUG MEWSSARA - Thanks and a tip of the hat to JF forsending in the article that confirms that the gro~-cery store variety of poppies are the good ones.From the Sept/Oct 19682 "Survive”TM at page 54: "Kotethat growing opium is illegal.that are sold for baking are those of two seed-richvarieties of opium poppy. These seeds are not al-ways dead, and, if the seeds are fresh, plants maygerminate from some...."BANKING. It's widely known that the Swiss bankersare giving up their American depositors when theIRS or DEA wants information. On the other hand,the Cayman Islands are thought by many to be cool.However, I've recently heard that Cayman banks areokay, that is, until one goes to withdraw the money.qe they lose you as a depositor, they may blow thestle.SURVEILLAMCE. When police are doing surveillanceon an automobile, they may drill a eamall pin-holein a rear tail light lens. This makes the tailedcar easy to spot and follow in traffic at night.When the tailed car's brake light goes on, a brightwhite light is visible for some distance. Also,a large mark may be painted on the tailed car'sroof for daylight surveillance, i.e., with fluor-escent paint that is almost invisible except whenpeen through special lenses. The mark on theroof makes the car easily identifiable from theair. Upon close inspection the invisible paintand pin hole in lens can be detected. And a field-strength meter check will reveal any hidden radiotransmitters (beepers).TECHNICOLOR DREAMS. A dose of 1,000 micrograms ofvitamin B-l2 fifteen minutes or less before you goto sleep intensifies colors in dreams. It worksabout half the time. Tolerance to this color ef-fect develops rapidly, so it's best not to do itevery night or to take B-12 supplements in the day.ee GARBAGE. Ever run across any meth that smel-e roses? I may speculate that the floweryaroma is due to the product being cut with "FruitFresh", a grocery store item that comes in powderform and is used to keep fruits & veggies fresh.Ion. Some fantastic computer info has appearedn TAP recently, especially in regard to banking.The texminal end of making the deposit is well ex-plained; however, one question remains -- how doesone go about picking up 500,000 in hundred dollarbills safely?Open SerameesMany of the vombination looks on the market todaycan be opened with ao simple tool made from a pieceof .005" exprinr cteel that is gotten from an auto-motive feeler pauge.Any lock that has multiple combination wheelsts cpenable by thir method. The mowet notable brandis the Sesamee combination look.To make the pick cut a piece of .005" steel tofit the pattern shown.yoCa, am DN84 mmSIDE _t+2mm
13 mm
NX IA“TopThe stee] should be heat treated a bit to the brittleside so that the feelers will not become flat durringuse.To usg insert the feeler between the eombinationwheel and the loek well and turn the wheel untilyou find a notch in the side of the wheel. Do thisto all the wheels. Wow subtract or add 5 to themumbers you got, Now turn the wheels so that theresulting numbers feee the trademark logo on thefront of the loek,. "This method can be varied to open most multi-wheelcombination looks,The Stainless Steal Rat
TAPROOM 603147 W. 42 ST.NEW YORK 10036MARCH 1983 No. 83Video Voodooby Fred SteinbeckWell, it seems that we phreaks have gotten ourhands into everything else, so why not that popularrecreation, video games? "Why not?”TM is thequestion. The answer is, "We have...”Pac-ManThis trick isn't exactly new, ‘but it'sinteresting none the less. On some Midway videogames, including Pac-Man, a smal flaw in the colintotalizer allows free games. How? Take a small butweighty object such as a "PD" size battery or pocketknife, and give the machine a sharp rap between thecoin deposit and coin return slots. If you havedone {t correctly, you will get one free credit. Doit more, and get more. There!s no law ofdiminishing returns here! However, some machineshave been fitted with a "tilt" switch in that area,s0, ya win some, ya lose some.Junior Donkey KongAgent NDS tells me of a free game trick on thenew machine Jr. Donkey Kong. It seems that if onewere to take a flattened straw and insert it inabout 3 inches along the right-hand crack betweenthe cash box and the machine about 2 to 3 inchesdown from the top crack between the cash box andthe machine, and wiggle the straw up and down, onewould rack up some credits. I have not tried this,but it sounds plausible. He further reports thatsome machines have something installed so that thestraw is blocked and cannot be pushed in. Thanks,NDS!StringingA method which works on many machines in calledstringing. It is one of the most simple thingsimaginable. Just take a quarter (or a token, if youhave a place like that around. Machines which taketokens have lower tolerances and are easier tofool) and either tape or glue a piece of thread (ordental floss, which works better) about 2 feet longto it.Got that? Now, go to your favorite, crowdedarcade and put the quad in. But not all the way.Just lower it down slowly until you hear (or feel)it hit the totalizer mechanism. Then jiggle it upand down. Each time you hit the trigger inside,you'll get a credit. On some machines, notablyExidy's Venture, you can get up to 40 credits at atime if you're good. Like all phreaking arts, thistakes practice, but it’s well worth the time toalearn it.RumorsI hear tell of an interesting bu"feature") in Atari's Tempest machine. It seemsthat if you die at a certain level (27th, Ibelieve) when the last two digits of your score are"60", you get something like 40 credits auto-magically. Sounds like bulisghit to me, put ifanybody knows anything about this, or wants toexperiment, send the information or results to TAP!
(pronounced
73

In Iseue #43 Agent REA wrote about the eredit card carbonsoheme. Sinee then moet places thst weil order stuff havegrom wise to this amd try to proteet themselves.In thene froked up tines it is very hard to get a good creditrating. Thos many of the oard mumbers you get will beve shittyratinge and your “orders” say not be shipped.Now lets easy you hewe a eredit earé and for purely informationalpurposes yeu wish to Miad out ite rating. There are a mmberaf credit serviees that do funt that. All you need to use themie a toll-free musber and an suthorisation code, Luakily yourwale Jomea happens te have a few numbers lying aroundessFer Yiea and Marter Curd the mumbers are!800— 377-5511 Bank number: 1324 Merexent nupber:6 OA 33371BOO— 728-1122 Auth. soda £739 7391 69318800—°76—1111 Auth. eode 4319 0000 99866556Fer Ameriean Arprean the number far800— 221-3120 Auth oodes are: 229 41 8380229 591 1812Or you oan pisk up your ow sersonal code at any store thatroeeptc osrda. Juet leok hy the phone. Also Asve the eardpumber rad axpiretion dete ready. “he rhea ankes "How auch?”tell Ser the Ammount you winh to charge to the card. If shecomer hank with = -erlen of dicits *he crréd ia ovo] for thatrmount. If you ret TM Recusst dmmied * or other #enewer thesmount exeeda the omrdp Linit¢.Low that vou have your cards "suthurisead* you are rtill chortof two thines. / very cool “one end a mall Jepository.You neer the chone tecaure + fter you or’er, the companyusmly revueet « phone number to o4)])] you beok at to werifythe purachewe.{ Just tike pisae parlora. ) There are reveralmyn to pet ° aco) “hone, Cne i- ta une @ Seyphone and baneout thara ct] dew, waiting for the vert fiaetion oall. Bo noture « credit cerd shome, on they do not =aoent tnooming oalla,Pind -omeane who ir awey on vacation, *40 hie line rnd urehie number. cr you ofn teke out @ phoney phone numher,Por the nail drop it if very uncool to 176 8 remail carvicethat bee en actrern cueh eo Box, Drawr or Suite rince this onlyepells trouble to ‘he merchent. Alro ake the order reiliatio,Mot lixe 70 Sony Jsliceane ate, A rood iden ie ta use » hourethat her vracently teen rold snd ia inoocunied,You sipht want to ~ent «en Ant. with a prone and live therefor rp month while the rtu’f comes. Fe rmart and ure - dinp-ui*@ "nd <eep » low srefile, us « rented aer, eto. One cAnereril= eallact £7,900 éollarn worth o- nore,It? 47 lrent to Serve the rtn** “ent UO ‘lue irble «ir rinceit gwetr there sueh fr-ter, UPS will -ometisaes lerve the prok-Pre vith > neishtor re i* in teet to laswe » -lis thet r=veto put tte deliver: under » “urh, ate,Tote thet the CC check number doss not eck for curtoaernene or *didrecm. hir aeenr thet ~ow ern ive eny mane whenyou oifer, “ft ir ert to order imcar only two or “hree n-mer,rince *4e 1% aan micht wet musniciourm if o-oh s*okare ir undere (ifTerent pone, Tor iro wont “now wick nese to rip theelip ~ith.apent “DA -lro t-lked sbout the dif’ficultien of ranovirepey~fore “enrPler “or their sic and serpisce,“fter come triel cand error (mo-tiy) The iilwer Fox end I6i~oovsred 7 very ‘insle wey to cafaat *Se armored oAble. illone nsace ia -turdy Deir of mire cutters, Defesering tha cadlelies in the Lechnicue aot power.Pir- @' -ll cut the cadle ner the Aendret cdnae the ertrnc*ble -erver no purocore, “ut the fune hand: et under your -rmend rtreah the caré ‘lemt. ‘ow erally the cutters until thecreble becomes ‘lmoat flat. Tarn the cole SO*snd out in thermye plece, thu: untendin~ the kink vou nut in the crhle,‘wrueese hrrd And practe, you upve + hendaet,wow t+ >¢ wou hava your hendaat(=) va will move on to axrtraqtinthe ofo0 rod strpiece, Tle nic i+ aecy. Clann the cet in »vise (or i+ that vice?) ond ute - coming raw to out sround ‘herife, “d-mt 4 inch #>)0wve the lottom of *he rorametn mouth cover.The reme ooplien to the aersieon, Son't worry about the coilapound the @ rpisce. ‘"t reenn to “erve 70 purpore since tha-pealer inside the cup aces » permenent mammet and an intemalcoil,One lert note: TPodryn cerbon mic,s de not wre sarben butailioen. The csrdbon mice were phared cut in the sixties,e cableenw cut he reé
Uoser the [nflusacebv Of Y, MandiasStasemtlle prewitne tips: Tranaplant vour greenhousePlante 2 of 3} Cfimee ro sCumt prowih(to get amail, bushyplances insacead of call monsters), reduce lighting cima tostimulate plants to flower, chem woed out males. El{min-ating the fron from the soil or hydropoemte solution villKesuli im beauciful purple tops which, chouzh produciag nopotency increase, vill get you a premium price (for aveth-etics, presumably),Coka: A mew coke cal Chet tCurmad up recentiv ia Conoect-feat ia epimach anh, Spinach (or anothar veestable suchae broceoli) is baked in a aalf-cleaniop oven (which canwrtoduce 2 temp. af JOO-BSOOF.), breaking {¢ down into aYellow-—-wMmite, tearr ash URich does net mask the tanta ofcoke ap other cuts, such aw manmitol, often do, See theMarch/82 iesue of Sclencific Americas for an interest lagarticle om cocaine, Mild use (by snorting) te preccyharmless according to this recest reasearch, eceal resea-rch also indicacam that machvlene chloride may cause cancer(from reveared extensive exposure), so uee care vher ulll-ixinpe chim solvenc for free-basteg (or othar chemicalextractions), Expoeure alse causas delusiona and hallucia-ations, so aveid fumes, makin concecct, and let che coke dry:thoroughly before uew to be safe with thie or aav eolveat.A simple, larpne-capacity improvised deasicator for storageead drving of white powders or veeetable matter mav be puttogether from an ordinary tharmos-tyoe flask, wimply bwfilline tha screw-on cap with nachete of 2 drving agent,auch am ailica gel or anhydrous amynesiue nulnheats (Epeansalte baked im an oven & than powdered). "“"erforace thered plug of the cap with holes to expose the dessicant tothe moiature of the smbatancea vou wink to dr, Raplace CheA4r~int a7ent as necessary,Abetracta of U.S. & Soreinm chemical pateaca for variousdrum avnthsses wav often be located {n Chenica} AbACracts,which may ba found in vour local university xsclamce Lib-rary, Kieply look up the ostent # im the accompanying"Patent Comcordancea’, & it'll tell vou uhere the paceancabetract is (q Chea, Abstracts.Kwneteistic druq combinations are the lates craze on themean ecreets these Javea, '‘Losdea’, aka ‘Doors ‘a Fours’,comatacs Of [-} cabs of the sleeping pill Dortina(TM) ang4 jabs of Codeine #6's, bach caken orally cy nroduce a2edav lowe hercln-like affect, ‘T's ‘n Aluaa' :@ a mAincureth TRO AOmenarcoric analpenic Talwin(®) and "“yrsbenrarioeof antihieatamine, which are cimulcanenuals LAjected,akan co Mimic heroia., | often ahake ov lead in deenair &wonder when che pigs who control owe Cvranay «fii abandontheir Logue excuses to seize more and more mowers, aka, the"war om drugs’ and trv to actually curtail the -roblew bycemine €O pripea with the profound social varen: chat lesdst@ euch drux abdune,‘The amphetamines Sourcebook” {a one eAderniie.g nublicat=ton vow vwou'r find om wour dovhatorm boukshelf, Circulatingfa a were limited edition amour ton Vent Cnoage chenmtarBb cavering a couples of dozen mtaterof-the-arkt gynpheticrouges & high-vield reactions (many unknown ro che marcas &usins vevatched chemicals) laading to rethamphajansyne & itsdecivacives such as MDA, Available chapeeras saraye {n the& fleure ranpe. Selentia eat ootentia!l Muck the hza!fm a match, Cais has been OZ, signing off. Direct allWait to TAP, c/o %e Y, “Meamdiam with an SASE,
Lenr Tao;A loc of tne lower emoloyees of larrecorooret ons ere mst allowed sits'de lines. Onewey () Deat thia ts to stenl » ohane ant hr~tkslligstor clios ts te red ant green leags. Thonfini an out of tne wey telenhone terauinal nox oraisset. ‘dake sure the lines to te exlstinyphone are renoved, This way if the perty picksup the phone no dial tone wll! de present ansyour conversation will not be heard. oy theae time the faulty phone has deen reoortad, youoo et here——o” have comoleted your call and reinatallad theBires, Don't always use the same terminal,skio arsund a bit,

Call Without CoinsOna of the nest useful pisesa of equipaent 5ell bea introdusad iz the ehargea=eall phone. Per thowe of you that havenever seen mene it loora like a psy phoneexept it ia thinner, Blua (our favorite Eaeaeeaalor }) and doen not soeept cing.ese phones are made to be used Lypeople oming Bell System eredit sards. The reason this is ao hel p-~Mul is that ome oan direet dial the mumber and the credit ecard code.(Note: Mot all sress bave this direct dial feature.) To use &eard nomber one diale O plus the ares eode plus the mmber. Ifthe operator comes on your sres does not have direct dial festures.If you hear an inetrustional seapage nad then & tone, punet in theoard nuaber. i1f you want to sal] more thas one number there isemo need to redial, Just hit @ and enter the new muber.If you heave a PBX or other Mets-sxtemdsr you oan alao uge a CCfone sinee the keypad reseino cennested After the o#ll ia placed.Some ony foner (Dial tone first type) slao keep the keyped conneetedalthough most don't,Credit cerd phones aake exellent extensaiona, They ara alaoeasier to liberste, To open the easing one needs A hex wreneh thathaa 2 hola drilted in the eenter of it, In the oonter of the phonethere it a hola for the wreneh., An Oltermétive ia to cpurh o thinvorewiriver in between the senter rod and the outer hex ring endtwiat.Dy tha way the piature af the ealling eard at the top of thirartiols# ig not correct, The new 4alling cards have “Calling Care®printed in the center and the Bell Syntem logo in the upper leftband sorner. .For information on whieh oitiaa altermnet nete serviee you seano@ll theese nyaubers,Th 880-576-3000SPQ -215-568-4)38 (Sprint)NOT 46 8007?4}—7140On the Sprint network dialing 555772 ome osu reaesh the lows] buis-sness offieg, 23°222 ia tie bank by fone ecmputer of tha Bunkaf California,If you "re traveling and went to esteh we on the newe fantdial 217°-79e3j17 pt 7:00 PR to listen to ABC's World NewsTonixght. This number is an audio feed for sh. 7 in Few York,Td you ynow that somé@ change machines have a ne) defensemachanina built in. If they ere pryed Cpe tear pra is releasedalone with A jet of prasnent red dye, le it worth $500?Could de, Mere is a hint. Try eutting into the lower aidsof the =ecX\ine. Kany times extra bage of soins are «xtored inthe bottom of She wacohing.The Steinlers Steal RatIfyouwant |to cut your phone bulls,cut out thischart. | “OTH— a an Ssel —_— ==Back IT8Sues are $.75 each. Issue $50 is $1.50. “|Subscriptions - 10 issues pec year.US Bulk Envelope Rate $8.US Firse (lass in plain sealed envelope $10.Canada «¢ México First Class $10,| Foreign Surface 59. ~ Foreign Airc Mail $12. |IMPORTANT, Please include your mailing label or a| Recon <1 py whenevec you write to TAP about your |SuOscrigt ton.| Electronic Courmem - $.75 each. A - KX Basics, |B ~ AC Bagics, C - Phone Basics, D — Amplifiers.| TAP *Ha sell® Patch - $1.50,||TAP T1iSth Anniversary” Pen - $.406.TAP Cassette Tape - 55. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bel},Joe Engressia & Bell Security Chief Jotn Doherty.FaP Fact Sheet - $.50. Free SELL phone calls.FAP Fact Sheet - $.50. Free GTE phone calls.BAS Pact Sheet $4 - $.50. Dual Tone Oscillator, [|
iTAP Pact Sheet tr ~ $.50. Credit card call hints.63OlsplayedRedGon, & 2600 Whistle Perfector plans.Send CASH, check, oc money order to !| TAF, Room 603, 147 west 42nd Street, Mew York,W.¥. 1001.peee
oe more stuffThis is your friend from his reat hole withgome more etuff, Did you know that the Rarisatcueber igs no longer toll free? The new nuaberim 203-264-9090, If you can bow in your areagive "em « coal] anyway,Por those of you that are on the lookout forthe man I highly recomend the Hearcat 250 scanner.One leok at itm specs and youll esse why, Xoeteda don't aay this but the 750 will cover onextendad frequency ranre by uping special pregram-iar tecniquesa. This unit is used by the P31,CIA, DEA and other aranoye,Im EY a local Suok { pay) fone o#ll will soonacrt 75¢. What ea witch} I'm -lad my red stillwerksa. Froo whet J bear rede will no loncerwork in the too near futures,How it’s time for some musbera, Phre is aComputer located «et 400-521-2255. I have noidee what it ia agince it will not aocept 300Dam 4.If it in mpafe to box in your area here isthe mumber to the Princeton Univernity TAK 301},609-457-3954 Afte- connecting you mill ret theYu 0 meveage. Rit( return )and the syetemWill send wa i$ . Kow try different IDs. YourDest bet im the Q9XXX ( XXX = OOO to 199 ) series.Lf yo vet not jn CP Vjrectyry it means that“thre tg not an accougt uncer that ID cresentiy.If wou ret Kanrword: VXXXYNXX tren alwave tryYullpase firat. after four attercnts the systenwill cunn you. If you do -a#t an account, typeNoney to see how ruch dourh the acct. has.“han ty 7e fener to nccerr the ames diak. “beOperating system in CYS by TSF. “any of thereother evstens use it.There 10 a GH watts extender using t=tone at ‘700=5§71~1405. The acoees nuirber can de fronI to 23 dirits« lomy. /ftar antarinre your numberbit # to tell the rachime you are “intrhed.There it a PSX at “We571-1675. Phe accennSode in 1960. Then -'m% can hit 7,4 or 9. Afterthat I don't ‘mow, Theres ia also a "DOK at S00~521-7625 and the access code ie > dirite lonr.In ieuue #59 Dr. Forbin told how to make IDu.A rood idea if to tane a ceice of real to reeltabe on the back before laminating, “his civesthe card - look of quthenticit:.In the book dent, Cet Wen | and 7 sre avd at,“ot onlv are they full of nasty téaag Dut theyalgo contain a vealth of other interestiars infornation,Pordbam Tadic (955 Conklin St, Farmingdale,LY 11735) relies «a larre amrortment of poodienfor the cable TY do-it-vourrelfer. Paey sellBll typer of coax coaunectors, adanterr, matohingtransfornerg, anova, splitters and of course taps.The “tainlene ‘iteal NatSear 6 6Thm,Yt am nporry to inform you of a Suck up in oneof ny articles. In the artiole titled Some -Ttuff , YT oceattonead 2 800 numvern to521-1675 and 971-7675 ) and a General votors@aATS extender ( 571-1905 ). ‘Dane snusbars haveheen disconnected. Frany of the JD0 teat codesno longer work an dogs looking for susber benke,PhoneGripes Drop Paank8Casteaser stinginists 8 aboutMew York Telephens corvice

ClassifiedThe TAP Classified Ad Sheet is published as aservice to our readers. All ads MUST be typed andcamera ready. Ads will appear in the next ad sheetUnless they arrive after printing deadline inwhich case they will appear in the following adsheet. The cost per ad per issue is $4. I£ youwish to preserve your anonymity, TAP Box numbersare available at the cost of $5 per ad per issue.This extra cost is for the postage to mail you thereplies to your ad. Full page ads cost §12 andhalf-page ads cost $6. Payment must accompany allads. Send cash and get a 10 & discount on al) ads.Address all ad requests to : TAP, Room 603, 147West 42nd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
me How to LiveBETTER With OthersWith Age| | _(AndLove it)Here's8newbookthetshowsyou howAvoid the AGING TRAPAt 30, 50, 70... ty sterOneriater,Pai.paarneuamaty fonaenat-CormestagetInd Chace PrychotegenOe or enolatateofmind then body © Leam how loveseteneeshormones thatincreasemind hunc-Honing @ howthe braincanreac frels andheal @ howoldermen sresector Ihenage. Never be afredd of grewing oidagaist!£4 n ie CenturyIn wtichwe haveprolongedite 60 reenarkabty,wtneedDr. Oteneder’snew.wies andlect book tohelpus dealwith hie specie!stageof 254peges. mys Chena,Appendices WIEeueth peoebectby NancyBranden,JillMecNeice andPeterSpeersTee Grove Houses Hawnsoox laysOud theadphe end omegaof group vingThi witty andinformativepiodewll tellyou how te @ find a houseandhousemates @crganizeyour house @ copewith the nitty gritty: money, food. scxthe yw @ find group houses for sensonand more46 a podmend.Thes invaluableandInnovativeguodewilltellyou everythingprofessor MAIL TODAY ------- 4 you needbo know.99 —Nirw Age sugacine+ O YES vencune coneset t 66 Packed — with sensibleinformationavert Jeep @$11 06 o 31 SOpentagsped wr house.99| Saytenk” po ere sntinn.s, 38 ateU4 neten tend s Bb. Le .1D sper wencioted| CYES mec enCherge m0 ' The Grove House Hancecox0 mn mmr — SA — me 1 © %.95 + $1.0postageandhanding =' ‘ $8.4Seach(D.C.ras. add6%sales tax).1 fapOnto ti j My checkfer 0 n wrichonet' Abhese '| te eeMahe shack peyabie Cei - Makecheck paysbleand mail to1 TAP, ROom 603, 147!t i TAP, Roow 603, 147+ West 42nd Street, | w A2nd StreetNew York, N.Y. 10036 est ’New York, N.Y. 10036Common Sense is Florida's oldest (1974) andleading libertarian newsletter. Common Senseis published six times a year at an annual sub-scription rate of $8.00 per year. Samplovavailable$1.00. Please send all subscriptions and Corr-espondence to:Common Sense, P.O.Box 650051, MiamiFlorida 33165-TAP
__. tay vate preety gi, ny A bl ukewhe wert© wetewbaghng wttelen, stork,seeder gemment, phonesty anal eotnpenand ORTBorycame ol thew hetyee hemesmatter! Kp whan, uaejoeg
eres
C\ mychecktor ss anctosedHemeAckdressbake chech payedlete:TAP, Room 603, 147 |
On the 20thAnniversary ofSilent Spring there tsnothing to celebrate
20 pp. photoes.bib) Lography.ingwr. om. UGhardcoverAnieebetenrttn isessssewt: &documents in vetd dete, how toxchemet are Wteraly hiding and dhebang mdhons of Americansend contanneting our environment, Sometimespermaenemtty.
RU aah
wronment Ras atyone supobed suchGr araatic and crushing evidenct.ggAtten's proposalforcutting pestides wOuld actuellyallow us LO growmore food, morecheepty. oeutfered for every dangerous tozlc situaton we face6 Wh ever a book can stirange:intoecton,thes Fit 9g ten weetenRaed this beportarnt book nowwhiletherets sie! Heme to de somthingsdout thiswagedyof pe -—~~- MAIL TODAY —-—-
Fee H HEREE EHR HESgy. }iMw 3fget z, sfry 32 te4 a ° x3 3 $ 4Popeye Beey Ct, |pactegesee wfth, |i ase oo dimai me a6 : ; fi sBRE RERS ; yo S 2$ ¥ 3mewseEhe i gbwh 2sPERre tL3,]nwo ger #4 ¢#Noe ol oO %KR ¥oD eRe +44Hey “ww 4 4Bi? boa: :a§ 3.: aA Wy 3: Bye% GY% = Th 4£ Tp *$Y4 x 4% 4. 4; 5;i ;eet teseteHPtrsettese te_t t+ F
C1 YES sengme _ copiesof |AmencathePosoned @ele.45 ¢ $1.90 |Poslage rnd handling=eL4.45 each.$C res acdbX\a8eyte}
ras)pWest 42nd Street,4New York, N.Y. 10036
RARE PERSIAN RUGSKucdistans woven in westernTran - Royal .Sarouks. Call(201)826-0737 or write to:H.S.G. Ltd.Box 243Keasbey, N.J3. 06832Truly the finest has for ashort time become attainable.
PASSPORTS and DUAL. CITIZENSHIPSare now available from Castellania.It is still possible for you to obtaina genuinePassport from the Principality of Castellania in anyname you choose,Castellania was established in1974 and its Passports have been accepted by about100 countries on an individual basis. Coins andpostage stamps from Castellania are or will soon beavailable also, Many other opportunities exist inareas of ‘off-shore’ banking, formation of companiesOr corporations, and so forth.An information brochure, passport andnaturalization information and application will be mailedto you, upon the receipt of $5.Q0 US.Addreseé ali requeste and make payment to:The Commerical Representative of thePrincipality of Castellania, P.O. Box 40201,Pasadena, Calif. 91104 USA.
4W83814. .
} alallilicahelilaliiliahachalialichaliahalehelelalahaialaheleheiicicicheisieiebelel ,5qFREVOLUTIONARY HYPERDRIVE TECHNOLOGY! ! 1!BNever before seen scientific technicalgmeanual reveaile the latest breakthroughsfin hyperspacial navigation and flight.gXnow how to span the infinite reachesyof space in seconds! This saterial mayBsoon be supreseed due to the implicati-gions that are inherent to topics ofgthig nature,cash to: ENIM, P.O. Box 323, CDA, Idaho
BABEABRRBRAE KBR SESB ee
a iat a a Bi i a i re
Send $25.00 or $260.00 in
htehii
SA SBSrw eTwaxKae ew KT eS SSeS ae