BATS zrerspersBy: The MagicianHany people think cf phone phreaks as sliue,out to rip off Bell for all she is worth. Nothingcould be further from the truth ! Granted, thereare some who get their kicks just by making freecalls, however they are not true phone phreaks.Real p hone Phreaks sare "te lecommonicationshobbyists" who experiment, play with and learnfrom the phone system. Occasionally thisexperimenting, and a need te commonicate withother phreaks (without going broke), leads to freecalls. the free calls are but a small subset of aTPUP phone phreaks activities.Ontil several years ago, The phreaks saintool for free calls was the Blue Box. In recentyears however, Bell has sade GREAT strides intheir security and detection of Blue Box's. PthileBox’s still work, their use is hecoming EXTRFMELYdangerous. With the advent of CCIS, the placeswhere a Blue Box will werk are rapidly decreasing,and within several years the Box will he totallyobsolete.Thus for their cosmunications needs, phreakshave tarned to other wsethods, one being: WATSEYTEWDER SE.Hany comvanies thrcnqhout the Mnited Stateshave salesman in the field that must contact alarge amcunt of customers long distance by phone.To pay for these calls, generally the salesman use’the companies Bell credit card (Now called a"Calling Card”) this is quite expensive to thecompany.Several years aqo, foreone case up with aneat money saving idea. Since the company alreadyhas an JWRATS (800) nusber fcr salesman to call inorders to the wain plant, and since the compnayhad a flat rate OU*RATS line to call customersAvring the day. Why net couple them together afterhou s so that the salesman calls the companiesIVWATS 600 nuwber, then gets connected op toQUTWATS. This would mean he could call anywhere inthe United States, from anywhere at no charge tohim! This arrangement weuld save the companytremendous amounts cf long distance charges sincethey had the WATS lines anyway, and the WATS was alot wore cost efficient than Credit Cards.This arrangement was exactly how early "WATSFYTFNOFFS”TM worked.* During WATS (800) scanning (For how to 40this, read "Napolean Solots"® EXCELLEFT article inissue 55) phreaks discovered these WATS FXTERDERS,and found they could call anywhere in the ccuntryjust by calling the exteniers 800 nuaber, ‘then(Using "ouch Tone of covrse) dial the number thewanted.The companies socn realized that theirextenders were being messed with and decided toadd some security tc prevent tampering.It was set up sc that when a salesman dialedthe WATS SXTEMNER, he would here what sounds likeadial tone. The salesman then keyed in a fourdigit Touch Tone secret access code. If the codewas incorrect a high-low tone vould resolt, andthe extender would have tc be re-dialed. If thecode was correct, a fecond internal PBY dial tonewould result. The salesman would then access thecoupanies OUTWATS line by hitting an 8 or 9{usually) and dial wherewer he wanted.The four digit access code posed a probles toDhreaks since only 1 out of 9999 possible codesworked, and the 800 nuster had to be re-dialedeach tise to try another.Many a Phone Phreak spent long nightsbreaking the four digit codes and then using theextenders themaselves! Most companies change thecode every few months so the phreaks would have tostart over again. (Also company employees thatwere not euthorized to know, but found ont from"leaks"TM).Hany of you have frebably heard of theinfapous computer "Charlie". Por those vhohaven't, several years ago Charlie was brought tolife ly Capn Crunch (Wow retired frop thecommunications service) Charlie was an APPLE Itcomputer with a special board which allowed it toTouch Tone dial nusbers extremely rapidly (f/A)then "listen"TM to the results (A/D).Charlie was fot to use calling a given WATSEXTEMDER, trying an access code, if the high-lowtone was heard (seaning apn fincorrect code),Charlie hung op and dialed again, trying the nextsequential code. Charile would sit working forhours, and when it fcund the code, it would printit on it's display screen. VERY Bftfective !}
a 1S 44«vitzTHeTAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 1003611th ANNIVERSARY ISSUE No. 75MAY-JUNE 19872Unfortunately the only problem with Charliewas that he was very noticeable to Bell. Everytime an BOO number is called, an ABA record ispunched at the C.o. thus it looks real phunny toBell to see that you have called pry dock orangeshippers 800 number in Florida 3,750 tises at 2:00AB with each call lasting 1 second t Since Charliewas not very easily pertable to pry, phones thiswas a reel probles.There are many WATS EXTENDERS reportedlypresently in service. Most working as described,with some taking wore then a four digit code, anasome even respondinn tc voice input |It should be pointe4 out however, that shouldany of you crack any WATS EXTERDER accegey codesand attempt to use thes, you are quilty of Theftof communications services from the company whoowns it, and Bell is very willing and able to helpthem nail you ! WATS EYTFNDERS can qet you inavery bit as Buch trouble es a Blue Box should yoube caught.Most WATS EXTPNDERS slso record all numberscalled from them on ONTWATS. If the companyGetects the extender being sis-used, they willusually ficst try to change the access code. Ifthe abuse continues and they get sad enough theywill contact Bell who will help thes investigateali the namhers you called !Thes, as in post things those of yon who aredetermined to play vith WATS EXTENDERS, do so froea pay phone and only to institutionalsvitchboards, or people with short memories. Bythe way, On some “Money First" payphones {asopposed to "Dial Tene First") the Touch Tone padis cut off after the WATS call is cosplete.(Because Of polarity re versa1) Tt can here-activated by depositing a dime after theconnection is made, which you will get back afteryou hang up.Also please remember the opening of thisarticle. DO WOT use WATS PXTEMMERS Just to makefree calls all the tinme!, experiment with them andlearn what they can do amd how they work. Y thinkyou will learn a lot IISend any comments etc. to: TAP c/o The Magicianyouwantto cut your phone bills,cutoutthis chart.—_n «aDPack Issues are §.75 each. Issue #50 is $1.50.Subscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk Rate $7.I US Bulk Envelope Rate $8.US Pirst Class in plain sealed envelope $10.| Canada & Mexico First Class $10.Foreign Burface $8. - Foreign Air Mail $12.i IMPORTANT! Please include your mailing label or aXerox copy whenever you write to TAP about your| subscription,Rlectronic Courses - 8.75 esch. A - DC Basics,B - AC Basics, C = Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers.TAP "Ma Bell" Patch - $1.50.TAP "10thAnniversary® Pen - $.50.TAP Cassette Tape $4. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell,c gS LD 8Joe Engressia ecurity Chief John Doherty.|{ rar Pact 1 - $.50. Credit card call hints. |TAP Fact - $.50. Free BELL phone calls.\ TAP Pact - $.50. Free GTE phone calls.Tar Fac = $.50. Dual Tone Oscillator,| Displayed » & 2600 Whistle Perfector plans.|Send CASH, check, or money order to :znre Den 603, 147 West 42nd Street, Mew York,[ee ee

—ALAIES_pr I @ure samy of you Rave reed etout derglarsripping off a jewlry excheage Or much an€ bypassing@be slarw with @ blaekbox (not in our terms ). Inthe follewing series of articglew I will explainshew (te the last detail) theas alarms work aadhew they are fucked by the pros. This first artialeis about sensors,Semeors are loested in 2 rureral places.ence wayu ond in frequently travled aresa,lets take ms leok at decors. Ome tyve of doorsemacr ia the magmetio avitoa, which is locatedom the side or tep of the ¢oor.Thee ililustraticone shewtue basic wwithes and theirPlacesent. To bypaes thenyee must detersine tether1% ie a slowed or spenCireut. Take a FOR and
In entPiret
theas > |
~~Switah&(Yaternal Door 3xith! s,
“NA
teet the tersinals ferWever teat with on obmas range first becanss ifout ame wire, ‘If tt’asome af thes are magmeticaly, otthe inside of parage decors.The second type of rwitch puch type)Switoh Placementand ie umed to hold the swith down ag the door is
® current flow. If youdott get a reading theait ip om Open ociromt you will eset it off. Al: aysuse a veltage range first,normaly olosed akort the a-wires, Kawver attempt tobiaged and you will setthem off. RFagmetics are also placedThe bert way te cheok for Swit thmagnetic swithes is s neadi fiedis a push buttom loeated in the frameof the door. To dyxasa thes ao Ptiff pulceecened. By the way, thie ie ales used in lavatoriante automaticaly flues the urinals.
teat fer all cloeed eirout.If it im morwaly cpem justbypass them with a sarpnat as /ingide door fremes amd onmotal detector, (rerularof metal Ls slid between the frame and door
diudewe are the next tepic. They are uaualyprotected against breatare scaly. This <ais ¢one by placing a loop of thia . -If itteeetallio foil on tha wincow,eceahed the fot] is broken and thealarm im sounded. (Te fuck it Bptake a rasor blade aad out a lineaeroans it, It is invisible and thealarn sounds om soon a8 it'r turnedom,) Just use a rlees cutter andowt a section out of the dass. Thenreach in and skort the contacta. An in-teresting vay to breek windos is tocevuer the gWimas with taes. Thea thewindow is ventiy tapped with a hamverwoti]) all the glear is droken, Thenpall the tape off in aw sinvle Pheetand the broken crhane will remain stuckte it. The Latest is window anéwall orotection ia the vibration sensor,Tuere ia no fool crufe way te foolthen (yet). Vibratiom sensors are alsoweed om fences to detect olinbineg.If roepidle it ia always beat toeimply avoid the senaer than to tryto bypese it. Another type of deviceie the old pressure ast, They srepeed under carpets or an door mater.Placement is in halls,,atairyaye,Protects Walls & Ceslingsander windows aad in freat @ef doers.The only way te p~veid them is to walkalong the edce of a mapected ball and : ‘aveid all welocus mats. Lirvht deem detectere une a beam of lipkt that sete an alarea off if the beam is dbrekes. They weerm, UV aad visible lirtt. Look foreuall boxes with windows at about tbirhlevel. They are now mounted in estherfixtures euch as sockets and books, Thbeat way to losate @ Visible light. beamie te get a cam af Gry pewter devdsrantgud cpreg it in ibe direction you aregoing. The beem will shew up, justiftkxe a Clasblight im a dusty rece. PorBV gvt a “empty”epreycan ( 4 can thateam be filled with amy substance youq@hotee ) nad f11l it with floureecentpaint ( at amy sevelty More or BinundGcieut{rie ).
Vibastioan Sensor,Vibration Detector. . -
Boat places use IF.to IR is a IR soope which is vrpen—Bive and bulky. There ia anothertype of IR sensor called passiveIR sensor.in TR anarry in an are® ,4auch agthe introduction of a Auman boCy(live),vwentm or accketa.microwave datectora use tha dopplereffact to detect motion,wonar, The only dafference is thatultragonios are pore rons to falaealarme due ta chanres in weather andair ourrente.¢mble radioge with a larrytwo amall holes,om wall mounting brackets as shown insicture.
Bispy Passive InfraredThe only way Diappearn Inta WondwortiIt notices a increaseThay are disguised as wal]Ultragenic andjust likeThey look like esal\yYent oFThey are also ~t .
“he Stainless Steal NatIBM YIAE SWARING OPTION (T30)- Mick Haflinger _Y AAve sean articles about Computer nsocessbut X mimoest never see anything about the GIANTIRM mainframe copputers sillow theof computing.xXnowledgabla user to do almost anything hedasiras. Thase huge sachines ave usad by mostMBaAJOY COcporatians and naarly all utalities.ANBULeNCe companies. and newer Social Securitoffices. Almost every computer has at leastdial-in port which can be called by senyone thatknows the number. Some evan have am Inwets line.CEPIYALIZED warda are keaywordsec Keyad in bythe usgex, that’s you. 411 systee xesponses wallbe capitalized and anclosed in gueteas. A datasetnama on IBN wysteme muxt be eneloagd in singleapostopheas (° Ox baleng te the user. Get em notepad ready and lat’s go.JOH systems have a RPOnitor Program CaliadThas is what we will be accessing. Aftauc(110-3606 bawd) has emda iteYou shouldro.your terminalconnection type in LOGOM or /s¢LOGOX.be promptad tor USERID. PASSHQORD, and maybaACCOUMTY MUNBER. If you know all the info justtype LOGON USERID/ PASSWORD ACCOUNT MOD. Someymctallations allow the use of nonsense likeLASTWAMESFIRSTMAMNE OF Similac constructs forUSERID/ PASSWORD. Try calling the company andebtaanin the names of soma programmers undersome pretaxt. Try these nawex Of us@ BOERsophisticated wiretap procedures to obtainectual. userid’s.Leat’s agsuma thet you Aave gotten logged on.The system will reply with some aeszages andaventually say “READY”. You are in! Here area &feu commands thet you can wse to g@#t yourbearings. Copy down the reply to every commandyou try. If you heave no experience with I3Mcommand syntan the NELP command will be useful.You may want to route this output to a printer.Entaxr HELP MELP to get more information on thehelp command. Entar HELP by itself to gat a listof available commands. Enter HELP COMMAKOMANE togat Tpecitic into for a command. ag. HELP EDITwall tall you abeut tha edit cammand.Mow on tao the real goodies. When you gotlogged on tha system may have lasted romedutasetgz that belong to your userid. Wa want touse theme an a tool for breaking the systean.Study the commands below and then we willdiscuss a foc wEing theganeral atratesyrintarmation that thay wi give us.‘ BLISTCAT - Lasts all the datasets owned byyour use@Erid. The syzxteam will alse#ll you what cataleg thea datasetseke in.LISTOS ‘dsname' - Get the dsnamw from theabhove command and thiswall t#11i yeu thecharactaristacs of thedataset.This if a good one. When youlogged om the system allocatadteverel datasets to yourtecminal. They may containanything so thay are thestarting pornt. Copy down allef CAia. f you gaa "SYS1.UanS*am yeur list you hat thaJacxpot. S¥51. BRythang iF osystem dataset and usuallywaluabla.STATUS - This wall last any jebs that may deexecuting wnder your userid. reilenwith mo» * for more into.PROFILE - This wall display thecCRharascteriatics oo Our userid.These can be change €uZing yeuwrLogon session but should ba changedback befera you loges#. It will behalpfiul to Aave ¢ options PRONFTand MSOISB. If you den't hava theswet set them up by entexingROFILE PROMPT. ate.
LISYALC $7 ~1fYy 4a€x
‘¥ ime
That's all fer this menth. fry out thoueeemmands and if yeu can, get a ilstany ef theecumand syaten via the HELP compand. In Zutucefeauns I wall introduce aexa connands and taachyeu hew te enter presrens arate the system. Ourywentwa} yeni Will be te guin asosens te thepacuwer ataset and ethar gesdioan.

Kew Boonosioa PolicyAired of all that bullahit the sovernment basbeem giving sdout how to reduse inflation? Wellhere is the real way @6 cut your billa,.YT Super—MerketeThe next time you visit your lecal food rippercunter thet GClaima to have the lowest prices intown, you can make mure that they keep their promim.Whes you catch an emoloyse loafing on the jabborrow (peareanently) his or her little price tagpun. after several minuets of examination andtrial vou cas stamp your own prices just likesthe pro. Keed I go further? Of course. Justfor good relations take all those funay Littlerolle of stickers that are ured to show vhenthere iwa epecial and ali the blank rolle forthe tag yon. Beware. Jake ware that the productyou utamgp vith your fun is the same ae the tagfee Some tare are pre labled: Crecery, Candy,milx ttem, ete. EKake wure the tag matbhee theitem. Hever remark itees thet are common. Maaytimen the cashiers know the orice. Alao, withyour wpecitar stikers be carsful. Many times theyare distributed by the manufacturer of the produat,If you ere in a brry just take the price tagoff the chencest bargin brand and put it om thebest cnality bramd. This cum Be triaky if netimpossible because some 2laces hava price tagethat are pre-cut, Fro they fall wpart if you trythia.Il Counter Septorare and Other TricksPor all you that shoplirt ( or about to beria)here are some tifa,— mntay eavay from larre Falls and Shovping Centers4t's like nare city. The narce like 1% therebecause thay cas dust little kida for szopliftingcandy.- keep your ayes open for mirrors, two way sirrors,Cemerms and nosey clerke.— rf yo are with a Cartner keep your mouth shutThey have hidden aicm tn those tall coluame thatseem to hold up the roof.~ Avoid nll larewe silvered objects. In ome olaceI know they out smell] cameras in larre ailyerChrietmaa balle ( Merry Chrintmas, buh? )—- Look for paovle that you aslvays use in thesame utore an¢ for people xvho welk around Likesombies and pay mare attention to the people isthe estore than the oraducts.— avoid all pwcpie with 2-vay redice, They aramoat definitly not hame with their 2 sster.If you decides to shonlift (naughty you), remeaberell you have te do ia remove the item from itspackage aad take off all store magkines and taguand they cannot prove the ttem im yours. Usedicolay models if nomsible, because you can ficdlewitd thea without mumpigion. If you think the riskof retting ceuget ig too rraat or you cannot~st it because of ite size { Y mow s guy wheshoplifted a *O" crock pot ) you can still evtit at a sreatly reduced price, Many places usefelt tip markers or pens to show reductionz, hena store hax a clearance sale just cus on in andmake your own reductions ( not too outraaous pleang),Sometine the cashier vill be suepioious and go andchek your items price againat one om the shelf.The only vay to beat thie ia to mark ali the itemsdown, Phis way you casa alao buy eeveral and youdo a publil: service fer their regular oustomers,My last trick (u to wee a hich quality eraserand erase the first difit af the price. I havedone this one several timea with chipe and otherexpensive parte, Some of those clerks are aswiind as riveted bulkheads. The real price wasstamped om the package right next te the erasedprice tag. I #etill saved 10 Amirikso (worthless)-dollars.Rappy budget ontting |The Stainless Steal RatATTENTION “—-~ ATTENTION --—— ATTENTIONThe 8BBS dial-up syetes mentioned inTAP @72 Ls no longer in operation. Casesummer while the SYSOP was away anvacation his placa was raided by the PBI,police, Telco securiry end others, The8585 disk packs, user log printouts and «@modem that some Philadelphia area usershed sent out were seized as evidence andare being used to prosecute some peoplein the Los Angeles and Philadelphia area.
In issue #7. I talked about the four majoralternate nets serving the country..! recieved someletters froa readers with info and commants. ['d 1like to thank “t. Bill and you others for writingto me. You were Bll helpful. SP Sprint, .ICI, ITTciticmll. and Weatern Union aren’t the only nets,there are &@ lot of others, Jut they are the fourBajor ones that sarve the public. Sinca theyserve the putilc, they are much easier for theaverage phreak to get access cumbers and codesfor, 3ut thers are many other nets, as was pointedout to me in a letter. If you have info on anothernet, send it dat ‘Also, I was told that I gave the impressionthat Sprint covered moet arena, All the alt. netsare the same, in that they only cover ths largewetropolitan cities, and sometimes local suburbs.Thatg where all the money ig, and thats why theycan gell line time che&per than .'a Bell. “a Bellhas to charge higher rates in the cities to sutsi-Gize all the rural places where there ta only oneone in 10 square xlles. The alt. neta only servee high volume sarese, that ia, large aities.Still, Sprint covers more cities than anyone alsa.I nave spent time since my last articlevbreaxing into various neta, and can report that“CY ia ty far the easiest. In fact. I wag ableto crack 3 codes in 30 minutes by hand, whiletalking to my rocemate and listening to Pink Floyd.I had very little luck with Sprint, getting onlyone code. ITT ia a little easier than sprint,but I didn't get much there either. Weetern Unioncovers so few cities, its hardly worth breakingnto.If you have a computer with an autodialmodem, you can program the computer to break codes.But there ia no modem that I know of that cantell whether a phone is ringing or not, that is,whether the call went through or «cot stopped.But I got a great tdea froma friend. Insteadof sitting ty your phone and listening as yourcomputer runa through poeaible codes, program itto dial other computers through the net, and letit wait about £5 seconds after it finishes dialingeech time, and see if 1t geese a carrier, Then thscomputer can tell ty itself whether or not it haehit a good code, and you can go drop acid or whateever you do in your spare time.But whenever you are dreaking codes, Berkeaure that the number you t in is a recording ora dig company computer (like TELENET). not yourairlfirenda house, as the neta may wonder whatall this activity is and try to call the numberyou aye using, to see who lives there, who woulde calling them illegally, and generally hasslethen.I algo wouldn't worry t.o mucn adout the neastracing you, unless you are in their exchange. [call in from home aometimea, What I would worryatout ig them paying a little visit to the personyou have called, and asking who they know thatwould be calling them at @ large discount. So anlycall ingtant amnesiacs, and not your grandmother.If you really want to be safe, call throughone nat to another net in the city you want, thesgo through the second net to make a local callto your friend. The second net will only be makinga local call, and go won’t worry much adout it.The first net will only be able to trace to thesecond net, ‘Sake the pigs work to find out who'sscrewing them over! But be gure not to use thegame net twice in s row. Setting up various linksof the call through various nets, sort of in series,is a great way to make alt nets safer. Unfortunately,it seriously degrades the quality of the finalline you have to talk over.To ¢ e the eubject, I have noticed thatsome fire engines have dig strobe lights mountedin the front, near the cherry lights. I found outthat thia is so that they can turn stop lightsgreen: “any stop lights have photocelle that sensencoming light to see if it ia flashing at theproper frequency. If it im, then all lights on thepide the atrote is comi froa are turned green ane@ll others are turned red. Anywhite atrobe lightghould work, ite the frequncy of the flashes thatpatter, I don’t know what they are. But I do knowat you need an awfully big strobe t. aboutthe sise of an airplane ing lightitseemed tome. They are probdbatly expensive. though you maybe able to get them cheap in a eurplus store. I'veseen this system in Anchorage, Jan Jose. and SanDiego. I'm eure that many other cities have in-etulled it on their ma JOr lighta too, bUt check teMake sure your city hae it before buy a ligkt..dave phen phresking and are

COMPUTER SECURITYand the breaking thereofBy Simon JesterPLASHIEPEEEEPEUREEL leaeabigianaThere is a new method to break into computers,and it hag professional security consultantsshitting in their pants! In september 81, somestudents at UC Berkeley discovered a way to breakinto UNIX systems. One of them must have been areal asshole, becwuuse he told the system operatorwho told the system manager, who hired SRI to lookinto it. SRI is Stanford Research Institure Inter--national, and among other things they specializein computer security. At SRI Donn Parker lookedinto the matter. Donn Parker is one of the topsecurity experta in the world. He looked into thematter, and promptly realized that it compromized#11 security on the UNIX. He also speculated tnatthe method could be adapted to work on othersystems, as well.UNIX is an operating system for DEC computers.I’m not sure if it works on other machines, but Ihave heard that tia Bell uses a lot of UNIX systems.The scam goes like this. On large computers, theyuse @® technique called time-sharing to. let a lotof people use terminals all hooked up to one cent-ral computer all at the same time. Each person igassigned a portion of on-line memory (as opposedto disk memory), which is called his work space.The system saves a work space for itself, too.Thy students discovered a way of having one termi-nal take over control of another terminal and theworkspace that goes along with the second terminal.The good part comes in here. ‘ost atudents andhackers have low security accounts, But when youtake over another workspace, the person logged onmay have a high security account. If 60, you couldgo through his account and access all the highsecurity stuff he has access to that you're notsupposed to have access to,Only a few technical details on how to dothis are known.It is known that you somehow sendcontrol and/or escape characters from your terminalthrough to the other persons terminal and/or work-space to take over control. This will work on UNIXsystems, and there is some very similair methodthat may work on many other systems. Parker hassaid that the only effective ways of fighting thisscem are to either remove the control/escape keysfrom all terminals or to insert software filtersto filter out control/escape keys before theyreach the OS. These are pretty lame solutions.
Con game in the cards?A New Jersey man was ladikcied yeslerday on charges of spending morethan $27 900 fer eands sad sevrices (through illeral ese ef credit cards ebtcin.ed while in jarl The Indictment by a federal eixm! perv in Newsrk charmedReber{ Lee Johnsen with four cownts of mail fraud and iwe counts ofinderstale use of fraudulently obtained credit cardsThe gevernment charged tha! Jowmson had S credit cards from 72compenies between Oct 14. 1974 and Marek 6, 1978. while in jailThe applications Iulsely alated that the defendsnt was emploved bycertain companies, making oo subslynial salary and receiving ciedil fremseveral] other sources, the indictment charged. The defendant save the ad.dresses of the Mercer end Unien cowaly jails. bul claimed ewneiship of thebulldtngs on several credit card apelications. accerding ie ihe indiciment,TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 1003675EXXON)
“We have @ serieveolf ght on ow hands,geetlemen...we'd better declere anethershortage.”
As Parker points out, removing the control/escapekeys from every terminal is ‘about as practical asinstalling HX missiles on underground railroadsunder Nevada, It won't work, because there arealready over 3 million terminals in America, eachwith an escape and control key. And installing asoftware filter for control/escpae characters isa cheap fix too. Parker points out (and go do I!)that operating systems are so complex that therewill always be some way of slipping the charactersaround the filter and getting them to theirdestination, The proper way to fix this problem(from & cops point of view) would be to fix what-ever aspect of the UNIX system allows the charact-ers to let one workspace take over control ofanother. Since this idea seems to have been atan-doned ty Parker, and since he also points out thatit would be possitle to use this method on otherOperating systems, I come to the conclusion thatthe flaw is not in the UNIX ende itself, tut inthe concept of time-sharing itself. I've read someof Parker's work, he isn't stupid. If there werea foolproof way of fixing this problem he wouldhave found it by now,So what does this mean? That we may be ontothe higrest security system break in history!Almost any large computer is potentially vulner-able. But we need more information on how to dothis. “y information came from the LA Times. Tomhas a copy of the article. and I'm sure he wouldsend @ copy to anyone who is interested, but itdoesn't get too technical. It does mention twosources Of more technical data about this. Firstof all, there was an article in InfoWorld duringJanuary ahout this (InfoWorld comes out weekly).So far I haven't teen able to get a copy of thisissue. If you have or can get a copy of it, PLEASEsend it to me c/o TAP. The second source is fromParker at SRI. If you write to him on companystationary, and eoovince him that you are a securityanalyst or something similair, and give him alegitimate sounding address, he will send you acopy of his report on the subject, which tellsevery detail. His address is Donn Parker, SRIInternational, “Menlo Park CA, 94025. Please don'twrite to him unless you have stationary and abusiness sounding address, and are gure you canconvince him that you have a need to know. If he.is deluged with requests for the report from phreaks,he will stop sending them out, I don't have eithersO I haven't been able to get the report. If youmanage to get a copy, please PIEASE send a copy tome c/o TAP. Also, if you have any knowledge of UNIXSystems, please write down whatever you know, sys-tem structure, security formats, whatever, and sendit to me, as 1 don't know too much about UNIX,As soon as I know how to do this I will tell every-one in TAP, but I doubt I'll be able to find outunless you all help me ty sending me whatever youdo know,A Taxpayer Invents RipoffBerHsyward, Calif. — te get H down te the 1973 seseasedvalue when ] bought i{.” he said, vow-Wister figuresbe can jewer hispreperty taxes by razing his house. '* eee gale when arealestateHe said that be fe going te begin the right vstveripping his house apart board by ‘kh what I esn afferd”TM hebeard wntil it's worth 8 p00 — what said. “I cent afford what is powhe paid for it Teo The lntest as- and I'm pot Rg to sland fer 11. Itor ,000. practical] oubles“I will rfp dews what is suffictent whatthey were ln tee UM free
Bw RateUS POSTAGEPAIDFerme No. 3Kearbey,NM J