YIPL

‘tetitea

eqrerde

“1T

=.
*

, a

a =? —a complete

at-home learning program

in home entertainment __s

electronics! GENIE
a

feb. 1973 0.16
ALL NEW

RED BOX

THE YOUTH INTERNATIONAL PARTY LINE

Dear YIPL,

In issue no. 15 the "T" network does not work
for the Southern New England Bell Co. system
because coin return etc. still works with only red
and green wires, even when yellow is cut. (there
is no black for S. N. E. T.)

Collect calls are accepted always at a certain pay

phone ina dorm. Could this mean that it is being
tapped? If so, how canI tell? Is there any

way that f still can work the "T" network?
-DESTROY~ CONNECTICUT.

In certain places the pay phone uses a ground
wire seperate from the phone line cable. Look
for a wire to a nearby pipe, or to an electric
fixture plate. Otherwise, try reversing the po-
larity of the red and green wires, this should
reverse ali collect and return signals.

Pay phones that don't start with 99 or 98 in
the last four digits are good targets for collect
calls. Operators usually don't accept calls to
most pay phones because they recognize the #,

Sirs,

In writing to recieve your publications my
Sole interest was in gaining knowledge about
electrical systems, Yet, upon recieving some
back issues (ordered 11/72) I have found the
political motivation of your organization totally
contrary to my own. My interests certainly do
not lie in "ripping off" the Bell system. Eventual
reform in society must come from more concrete
and benefical works (this being the primary idea
behind my involvement with UNICEF).

Because of the misunderstanding initiating our
contact, I must deziuna that all further commun-
ications cease immediately. -D, C, -N. Y.

YIPL has determined, after exhaustive testing, that the
economy has taken a turn toward heaven, thus tempting
us to raise our prices, Of course, we wouldn't think of
doing that to you, our money-drained devotees. So we
decided that the only way to keep YIPL's price down is
to increase circulation immediately. That means either
every YIPL has to sign up one friend, or a few YIPLs
have to sign up several friends. You people are taking
part in the greatest man vs. machine drama ever to
unfold in the history of civilization, and you can help

to make it a lot of fun, so help out, O.K.? Don't for-
get that the more people we have, the more we have

to intimidate Bell with, the more information we get

to use and people to use it, and the more people who
will save money on expensive calis talking to loved
ones{Aw, shucks’).

4 auc $22 x |

hot to printl2 = =, o>

We've only gotten a few responses to our Destructory As-
sistance department that we introduced last month, which
is a shame because we've already got a wealth of great
information ready to trade for other phone info. Also we
have a special interest in city codes for foreign countries
which we're compiling into a master list, along with good
telephone numbers to call overseas, whicn we will be pub-
lishing regularly. We've got schematics for various ver-
Sions of blue and red boxes, and general info on same. So
Send us info, a stamped self-addressed envelope, and if
you want Some specific info we'll try to get it for you, as
much as you sendus, Write "Destructory Assistance" at
the head of the letter so we know what its for. Do it today!

OD ,.

@y THE RED BOX ao) &
ul waka AK SY
CONSTRUCTION

The largest units in the red box are the telephone earpiece and battery. Since
the unit works on 9V and has no coils, 10V parts can be used. The push buttons
are high quality units that won't bounce on you and fire the box twice. Grayhill
makes some good ones. Snap action are the best, but they make noise when you
hold the box up to the phone.

Different earpieces or speakers will produce different volumes. If a low im-
pedance (8-32ohms) speaker is used, less volume and more battery drain will
result, Increase the value of the 10 mfd. output capacitor with low impedance
speakers, and increase 22K gain resistor if necessary.

Remember, with a red box you are going to play it for an operator who will
easily recognise a faulty tone pulse. So make your solder connections tight &
use good switches. Cover the speaker holes with a small patch of thin foam
to prevent gook from flying into the magnet.

OPERATING PRINCIPLES

The red box consists of four sections, the oscillator, the flip-flop, the
timer and the amplifier. To understand how these produce the necessary tones
we'll take for example a dime sound. A dime is two pulses of 2200 cycles, each
being 60 milleseconds long, with a 60 ms. space between them. When you press
the 10¢ button, the flip-flop starts turning on and off, on for 60 ms, and off for
60 ms., continuously, This in turn shorts out the oscillator, producing on and
off pulses to be fed to the amplifier and speaker. How do we get only 2 beeps?
Well, when you press the button, the timer starts. After 180 ms. it turns off
the flip-flop, thus stopping the tones, Other sounds are produced by changing
the speed of the flip-flop and the delay of the timer. Also, the two RC pairs of
1M and .047 pulse the timer and the shorting transistor, to start the timer and
flip-flop at the same time. Current drain is approx. 7 ma, so don't worry
about the battery. You will hear some e after the tone sounds if you keep
holding the button down, but this is alright if it's faint or if you let go.

TUNING

First, adjust the 30K oscillator trimmer to produce a beep when a button
is pushed. Then, simply call a friend at a pay phone and have him deposit money.
Tune the oscillator to the same pitch as the beeps you hear. If the oscillator is
too high, raise the .0033 cap to .0047. If-the range of the trimmer is too small,
add a 30K series resistor,

Now, you should get one, two, and 5 beeps for 5,10, and 25. If not, you'll

need to adjust a bit. If you get only 4 beeps for 25, raise the 620K resistor,
This may, however, the 5 and 10 beeps. The 680K resistor is the number
of beeps for the dime, and the 120K is for the 5 button.

The 150K resistor controls the speed of the flip-flop for 25. If you get 5 beeps,
but they're too slow compared to the phone your friend is at, you can speed
them up by lowering it. This will give you more beeps, however, in the same
period of time that used to give you 5 beeps. So then you should lower the 620K
until you get 5 beeps again, and then check for proper beeps’on the other buttons.
Always adjust 25 first, then do 5 and 10.
5¢ = 600n
10¢= 60 on, 60 off, 60 on
25¢= 35 on, 35 off(5 times)
CALLING

Go to a pay phone, dial your number direct(after depositing a dime){or 20¢)
and when the operator comes on she'll ask for more money, and possibly even
return your dime. Now, very slowly and quietly put the red box up to the mouth-
Piece and press one button per coin, and be sure to pause several seconds in
between each coin, just as if you were reaching for the money in your pocket
and fumbling to put in the coins. If the operator gets suspicious it could be for
two reasons; first, you may be off tune or off speed. In that case tune it. Sec-
ond, the operator may be suspicious because in some areas a visual indicat-
ion of insertion of cains is provided for the operator.. So the eperator may say
something like "I'm sorry, sir; but that didn't register". Just mosey along to
another phone booth. You'll find the red box is the safest box to use and easy
and fun to use, too. Even the operator will thank you!

gio’

\

* 2.2K

All resistors are in ohms, 1/4 Watt, 5%. Capacitors above or equal to 1 Mfd, are
electrolytic. Smaller capacitors should be epoxy or mylar hi-quality capacitors.

Earpiece is a standard phone earpiece, and diodes are small signal, silicon, sim-
ilar to 1N914 or else.
Transistors are all » or SK3020, or Hep 55,

K4 NEWS PHONE SRS

TEL-COM is a computer designed by two San Francisco
engineers. It is essentially a telephone caller with a re-
corded message. It can be programmed to call up to
50, 000 homes before being reprogrammed. Oh yes, if
your line is busy it waits and calls you back. A lot of
laughs when your taking a bath, or just sleeping around
the house. (sic!)...Then there's the "fone freak foiler foiler””
which is merely asking phone-phreaks everywhere to
spend a few minutes everyday dialing long distance info
and whistling (or blue boxing) 2600.Hz and after getting
an open line hanging up. This will activate the telephone
company's foiler with a false alarm. If enough people do
this, well you know the answer to this one...A recent
Bell Telephone campaign and PR sheet claimed that 90%
of all coin phones, in New York, were in working order at
any given time. However, a recent YIPL survey of coin
phones in the Manhattan area showed 83 out of order. ..

The name of a Midtown restaurant, Ma Bells, We decided

to go in and try the specialty of the house, fried onion rings.
Although there were many empty tables they told us we

would have to wait because they were too busy. We finally

got a seat but had to explain so many times to the waitress
what we wanted that we blew another 15 minutes.

the waitress camé back with the wrong order. The bill for
just one order of onion rings was unbelieveably high, due they
Said to hidden costs. (it was nice of them to let us know they
couldn't tell us what the hidden costs were) Since we never
got the onion rings we refused to pay. A big burly looking
bouncer stepped up next to us and told us we'd have to pay, but
that next time we came here and ordered onion rings we'd have
credit, They couldn't understand that next time we'd make our
own onion rings.

stolen

IMPORTANT NOTICE
..- about the enclosed 1973
telephone credit card.

To make certain no unauthorized
person is using your card, the tele-
. phone operators who handle credit
YY card calls may ask you a question or

@ Sri two whenever you place such a call.
They're the type of question that
can be answered easily and quickly
by @ person having a credit card, but
should discourage an unauthorized
user from trying to complete the call.

We hope you'll understand that our
Operators will be doing this for your
Protection and ours.

As an added precaution we urge
you to treat this card as you do your
other credit cards:

® Notify your Business Office
represeniative at once if il is lost or

pth.

e Do not give the card or number
to anyone else to use.

Thank you for your cooperation.
@) New York Telephone

Since credit card owners are receiving
these notices with their new credit cards
we can expect to play some games with
the operators this year. Don't sweat, the
questions are only designed to scare you
and make you hang up, thus giving it away.
Though you might get a few questions like
the name of the company, city or area
code of the credit card number, you'll
have no problem if you keep cool. The
operator knows at most the name of the
city and area code , not the company's
name. So have your number memorized,
and if you need the code numbers for
certain cities, get YIPL #8, and be sure
to read our reprint on making credit card
calls. Also write in and tell us what kind

of questions operators are asking in your

part of the country.

[*

4

Dear Friends, *
Just finished reading "Happiness is a Blue Box",
in the Yipster Times andallIcansayishere |. ;
is my 2 dollars for the YIPL, a
_Off the subject of phones, tape recorders a
can be a powerful tool in challenging your
construct of the world and to understand -4
how words manipulate (which can be used to your
advantage). Tape recorders can be used for .
social change. For fairly extensive experiments .
with the tape recorder, read "THE JOB" by
William Burroughs (Naked Lunch) published by
Grove Press. Only in hardcover to the best of my
knowledge, but some libraries have it. Read -
"THE JOB" if at all possible-most exciting book ‘
I have come across in many a year,
-YOURS TRULY C. K. -MICHIGAN,

Dear YIPL
You might tell your readers that it's illegal .to:

cheat some of the old tray-type change machines
by slitting a dollar bill So the little lever
goes thru instead of pushing it into the hopper;
bend the tail off one type of pop-top and use it for a
nickel in a parking meter; use any of the standard
size pennies turned out by the British mint for
Sometime colonies (New Zealand, Fiji, Bahamas,
West Indies, etc.) as dimes in one-slot phones an
other places. You might also stock some other good-
ies along with the reprints, such as an updated version
of E. Blotnick's expose of credit card fraud (the non-
telephone type) from Scanlan's,

on Britton's newsletter says DB Ent. was the
outfit that offered bluebox plans in POPULAR

CTR 's way back when, and that

MF Bell must have gotten addresses of people who
ordered them by intercepting first class mail.
Bell bas been after him ever since, maybe it's
why he moved to Hawaii. A local source, who
Should know, says that mail from overseas is
opened (and translated at need) on a regular
basis in Oakland. Foreign correspondents should
not go unwarned. -FUCK THE PHONE COMPANY
R.S. - BERKELEY, CA.

Sirs;

Cancel my sons subscription to your paper
immediately, please. He is 14 years of age and
has no interest in it. He only subscribed to your
paper just to see if it actually existed. Anymore
Papers mailed to our address will be returned to
sender. Thank you. -KH, N, Y.-

Dear YIPL,

For practice dialing overseas: London
weather: KP 044 1 246 8091 ST, Australia
weather (Sidney): KP 061 3 6064 ST, Australia
time: KP 061 2 2074 ST, Free Telephone Co. News
Wire Service any where in the U.S, and Canada
(direct dialed); 212 394-1212, Listen to Helen Banks
(sounds like Shirley Booth) and Marian Warshaw give
top secret (ha) telephone company news twice a day.
-L, A. -BKLYN, N. Y.

Many times people ask YIPL questions that we don't have

the answer to. Questions dealing with what operators know
and don't know, how phone traces are done, and general
policies of the Bell's crack security gang led by the fear-
le®s Joe Doherty and his turtle Flash. We need people to
answer questions like whether ESS will allow Blue &
Black Boxes in the areas where they live. We need oper-
ators to tell us how they know when enough money is

put into the phone to fill it up and it has to be dumped.
Tell us anything and everything, don't sign your name,
and tell’'us if you don't want us to print the letter. And

if you have friends who work for the kompany, have them

write us.

YIPL, it is said, has its better days. And although we're
doing better in mailing now, the Post Office isn't. YIPL
is mailed third class. Now first class goes slow, and even
second class doesn't go much faster than osmosis, but we
go at the very end of everything else, when we go at all.
And there's no sense trying to make it any better because
postmen steal your mail, our mail, and everyone else for
that matter. So be patient. Allow 2 months for delivery of
a newsletter, 1 month for back issues. And do not send
cash or stamps through the mail, BECAUSE THE POST
OFFICE STEALS IT, OUR MAIL IS CENSORED, RIPPED
UP AND STOLEN, AND WE DO NOT RIP ANY OF YOU
PEOPLE OFF, But if you send your $2 and we don't get
it, we figure you might have forgotten to stick it in the
envelcpe or it might have been stolen. So we ask you to
send it in check, or to check if your previous check was
cashed, If you don't receive an issue, wait awhile and if
the following issue comes, let us know and we'll send you
what-you missed.

Dear YIPL,

By JERRY CLAPSO
Of Tue News UN Bureas

Allende Accuses ITT in UN

Chile's Marxist President Salvador Allende. addressing a packed United Nations
General Assembly, accused the International Telephone & Telegraph Co. resterday of
“attempting to bring about a civil war” in his country to retaliate against his nationali-

MEWS onene By Jie Garrell
Chile's President Allende addresses UX General Assembly.

The ringback numbers for LA vary like mad; however
most of LA City uses 6105-6 (a few still use 115-6)

Jean-Luc Godard tells it like it is!

but Hollywood (46) has it's own: 810-6,
You can get a high frequency tone by dialing 666-

0002. What it's for I don't know.
My question is, how does one reach the verifying
operator in LA from 663 (step) or 666 (tone) prefixes?

BACK ISSUES-50¢

Or better yet, how does one get into the special

ciroitry (without being detected by Central Control)

1- Extensions, conference switches
2- Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripoffs
3- Telecommand Story

4=- Pay Phone Issue

5- Blue Box1 Now obsolete

6- Blue Box 2

7- Tuning your organ

8- Credit card calls and 1972 code

9- Super duper project(See issue 11)
10-

11-Receive long distance calls Free
12-Blue Box Plans

13-International Calis

14-International Calls & AT&T Papers
15-1973 Credit Code, T Network

FACT SHEETS-25¢

How not to get caught making credit calls
Receiving long distance calls Free(Issue 11)
ANTI-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/$3.00
DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE- Free-Just

send as much info as you want back in a

stamped, self-addressed envelope.

Renew if your-address has a_7 or less on it.
YIPL, Room 504, 152 W. 42St., N.Y.,N, ¥. 10036
Mailing address only, don't send cash, PLEASE?

16

that Verifying uses? -M. P. - LA, CA,

zation policies.

“We are not only endoring a
financia)] blockade, but are also
victims of downright ageression,”
Allende said,

He said United States com-
panies began acting against his

wernmment after it national-
ted severa) industries, inelud-
ing copper and telephone com-
munications.

Although he did not attack the

H U.S. directly, he charged thet

“capitalistic imperialism” was re-
sponsible for his country's ailing

i and backward econom

He charged that TT tried to

prevent him from taking office

after his 1870 elevtion through
s “sinister plan” that included
“terrorist attacks planned outside
Chile" and whieh culminated
in the essaxsination of the army
commander in chief, Gen. Rene
Schneider.

“It wae clear that the purpose
was to drag us into civil war.
the utmost degree of disintegra-
er) for our country.” Allende
said,

1978-71 Dorements
Last March, he said, documents
had been unearthed in which ITT
suggested in 1970 that the U.S.
intervene in Chilean affairs. He
ssid another document, dated
October ay. on Ras
proposed a w plan action”
almed at the overthrow ef his So-
cialist government in six months.
+ Allende said hig country was
also involved in «a atruggle
Kenne-

{ aginst ~egqpescion® by
jes Copper Corp.
Kennecott has brought court
sults in several Western nations
Ite prevent delivery of Chilean
ropper. Allende sak! this caused
*hin country’s copper industry
- grave harm, aud its eredit rating
, and drawing power with interna-
tional, European and U.S, benks
have heen seriously inghired.
- US. Ambassador George Bosh
idenied any U.S, involvement in
"the hassle between Chile, ITT
_ and Kennecott, and told reporters
he took exception to Allende's
insinuation ef indirect U.S. re-
sponsibility for alleged economic
strangulation of Chile

TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036

