CHANNEL 68 DECODERBLocK DIAGRAMUNE MOUNT viPp€éoAMPLIFIER AMP THE753A 133 AUPIOUnRF KECELVETOMER vEos DETECTEDTY Ane o AUDIO733 o} outAGC7 _fPULSE SYNC IS. KH TWGES MODULE Pini PEAK/Norce rae74221 3H] FILTER AMPNOTCHFREQueues HIGHD PASSOUBLER Piisee300mV(5 10 500 nv)KRODUC 300 mVDETECTOR
AUDIOLow]PASSFILTER ovrLow Pass FilterFeo = 12 KHZQ = 25= RrGain= 1 Qor
Ve REPRi sand R2 should be 100K for a L5KHZ cutoffR3 should be 53K for a 15KHZ cutoffHigh Pass FilterFo = 31,500 KHZQ = 6 (each section of 3)Gain = 1 1PRru ato—| r+ \,iver || a 3900 evrfurcaps b “ISKMa 4.104pert w/eeuTPT.e+ ToCoA TeHPury ofeeepvcy pgrecTorR
OOww”1980FALL NO. 64
Pre-Amp ModuleWULL CcimReulT §¢
Video AmpOscillations appear at higher gains of ACC,(aroumd -2 volts to the gate). Try to controlthe loading with this circuit:Ltthn iY gey
Me2NY 39DVe= -2 to -15. Gain increased as voltagegoes to ground. Going positive will destroy733.The 20K from the 2N4392 gate to source maybe toobie.AGC CircuitFrOr otTiowal “-yTOVE peEcoOIWwsS eK _chit W439 eDETECT PLOT, rev 18xTOWE ror ear 0 Cone xeTiE— wigue ae SATE GatnoF1 mar WED 19939215KCo}1S +$ 16Cay l16 SY th th yp 10gT4244res4 gs &7tf is we. (4 +Juryul ev T tEKr>PULSEGENERATOR

TAP UPDATE by TOM EDISONSync Module - Poh. nM Fm a, rr:to ap we a2 oT og. - - 210%, SMa fie Sopa Demat ot te stn To *2.08 2 Shaye Tna a‘RES TG am uf ao a ee,: Te OARS OP a ae oe eet ated Toot de cr etsAC 8 et AV@OG A. AR Stet Pans ime wl. ie,nt. ar printér ndune Lon, Jor ompaoter his c:eenM@4, The .scues vill ce rathen cut oa lol iat. °C omtieteTAP +onvemreion ietauls sti ood bien: once pack of TARlASsifims Ad Shees 44 which “as encluse. eu Na taut.[385 Sling t. raise -ar guc ‘amy effect noe oe oe,bul l have decite: t. rreese QD TAP priges ore aridIuver Ana fepe wort all cir gucsccibers wollen tye taalappreciation oy jett.ns eis ‘ssenes > sub, TAP WG on ceepfindntial ucuble ant omy 7" ~inhelpus cut 7: our canalbole. Ve naedsy wur sup rene ous, -cag@ruisr une SAF tasesProduct Detector Module Wal we list in every iS8ue, ANY ur SUpPret Dor this eear'sTAP ~cnventisa. ‘Ve neea your help ant supp rt .: ve-ace |SUP. 1748 |Whose Calls Cost a Bank $8,000 Brazen ripoffnpernundnne batons MADISON, Wis iAP) - Modueeepebce bmve fousdme “ - Pomme Uncen poseBive 00 respectcusedyemercmyof inka the tebe. LAYS PONCE deparime bas been eteervingstaf moto phone af a weatey Lastanalremmame * week by documng lawenforormen sad é3-e-°v" up = het! ef more thane 95.500dy atouing a lebycqmppedsquad Caz a & becal shoppengCalis. Canteranigabers a ssahe inng-darnanceMamnenenOwirkt Attorney's of. Dut palce reportthetyomrrtesstolethe tefER .fun
Tena of what eysoad wuncocanne It Your Car, Sir!Wal »phemetome 41fee freeeUw Meaufaceue. COrpalerBqwerlsAOETEEmye Nee tos oy me Rotel gretertedByart Kaaewesr Tram Company trench 2 4 Wyeshaped wat Cynderfe bh nommelhe Reemed O05Mt inet Poymetnegboom Seren natBreadeuy thoumgnbe. 00 wow <9 brolyBythandBOSE wen on welneeingsety b¢ off apa © ft ewes“Wir,ayan wesane wehovepermite Yang pow uimm+®heceams foumtete whtou $0¢dmas Adee P* pgs 5 ageeyor H F L LTE R usighDOre1@use the ghee fey Bier 6 Dy erviete Five atqumat-as06 the g0G $) LANG ported1Gthe DanEEE whe WatAK NO gine btcall ae ier ree; of ibe een 4 cecenenedl pot ergUh yowwtd Pew ageepeuebsfurtuheun ootfowtn Aumrvon Vet ben hk Cree deans nesie feedoping beet mm hom og |loaK Gees 15 n teneyot theDuespadmaen tht mensnes p~Peatg | o-aden Pypa— Ay— poem & pedd Phdttt ERO CBT ey we 1 tertpwn Php “PEGbape Me ingMEG en Oe a ee TT te hedwn 4 \ous spew vie lndgercs 'hed pepe pepEre Jeet ROT peeets PUES Mswe Xt buttespomgrd95% secarveare ta BOE Yay leet on made 0ie Gudabs heeytabbpve viggwa gamet 1} rm thy beet 0 OR pened OW ¢DPCRs ewe theinnsLOO eeCongmetaceng8S mecom whagenens C8 6501 Bineeng GED Se0ETn egFOSCon oF asBeeroe egy7@t«tantesmeena Iyereetem i oo heedof he baltes b Goby & bomerOh reesete 04 evetwaadseersUne € heeyMentaCosap Beart metgnty Pamtety (neeDna § Gide lene pewDboynhaduttbetec peng cwwerd,yay oO Yt ite seer bet we agEredDy byt100 K sig ag on Faboy b Reetang Ms mera 6 (omenspanghor MUO SER A a peel@remmng Eromess wer pothes bh seqh {odehh eatiehahe & yy postrtthad gee ty Pegrr Oe Ce thy tear & whens
ene ofmHIMEG —~——4 V7 ey a a ee le4 Mogagat some bey Sept of 24 pth Seph Atgg etyDon i eneesmownMy[Mee (Mts COetSeman tte ees Pe cpa patho ombd eobintl of thd FeumagOM ) speG ES Pee isteasIHEG 129 — EL BGRte SSOREL 2 ctpet pects Pon ¢ pews Wad 8 EEDEteEe gf Haynb — _ " feaeff adios ¥4troveatobit be tar opens Pyieet Mies Wr! By apumyenyMnesngre? Povtvere Wh ES pen See 9 Rgh 50 eee wee A evil ieoe A Dror 024 hy ofUbetotfh omtar Saes eepeieen y nggeewyMor open | dade medets Iam TaqRebbODGeTt YaOtpy pwenyIPT tyet Minty mt porte 20 petet ongitel Ort 1 neORTRGJOE [ogy MPS*Rete l puted theergél wa ot { oebe bweh A tePegage ee Od ty bedi eetpm § ree wedporter rw peg byrne| GeerNOTES LIF FILTER is JOT oatssd prontis 1901 04otaveas'®.peshty veesres wstocee metio yoaALL CatacS rons FOR FyeT¥ RS Are 1S. JSP AME, AbyUST Yue me epee met penme pees apb oer- hgmew reas --e~$y agle of Mg Cbitte be Bowmmmare 475 pew
feet eaeEe Bere tee Oat COCetode te PEACE. BCPLANESPRPC HOLT ln rtm meS ay.FREQUENCY DOUBLER eSC
om rye,a
Mk, ae — - ries *y | ——LIK ,$l ed, |Tw - 1908 L x —-—— . 1 OOK |, o¢il OK. 7 auf . is 4g a ld gtT"Pom v 74 s >—! —

N.-F (NON SUPFICIENS PUNDS)Non sukkarient funds is «a check racket wherebyone writes checkS un an account with no money intf, Many poople whe run Chis game are umnataursWo use bheie rea) nome and theis own chevkingwinalnto, More sephisticuted optratora will uleoi alguns oume and reduce the liakiliheod of any re-sUlbunt buasg@len,Atthheagh cush d9 dif facult to obtuin directly,podehoetodue: seal materal ore cusily purchased, andlifer, wold and converted to cash. Orders for TV’s,BLETeUS, wnu jewelry can be taken in udvance, thusgo urdite; the highest praces for the merchandisewhite duckiletuling quick digpouyal,The wuccesys of thig check racket is directlyproupuctional to the care one uses in leaving nobree te bos or her ceul identity, Weeks afterthe lod theky «ce wedtten, inveataygstors will bebonerny alowl with a picture from the driver'slaoense, leukipy Cur the pereon who wrote the NSPcoecki, They will yo to the oaddvreswes (and ad~re uaecn uf plane numbers) of the license, answer-bivg necvdiess used, and work references yiven onANY opplrcatirons, checks, etc, None of the peoplethot mrygbhl De quentioned should be able to yiveony tnfucmestiun abuut the person's rcal name,utdaeuu, oF wheretbouts if the mission i to bGsuccesstul, Leave no links to your real adentity.Bintvaliy., all one hus toa do to actuate thafoo ag be Secure » safe mail address, obtain aliasID prpers, walk antu a» bunk and open up a checkingwt ounk, oad sturl spending when the permanentShecks cum in, The details of the specific stepsare listed us follows:1} Rent o mail address. Mail receiving servicescan be Found in the Yellow Pages under TelephoneAnwweriny Services und sometimag under Mail. ThisGUrVvace Usually Costs between §5 and §20 per month.Bo nut usu ou P.O, Bom address it is not the samehanes} as oo private mail receiving service or box.The Pest Otfice verifies the applicant's identitycr pu.ice of residence before issuing the box, sothere will be a lank between the bad check and theWdentaty of the check passer. Also, banks ara ra-~bustant ta issue checks with jugt a P.O. Box acidross,vad sluces are oven more reluctant to accept them.A varistion of the rent-an-address that is oftenBuccessful is to use a pragtigious addrega as theQravec'’s license uddiess and the address on the checks schecks as your personal fone Numbsr.A mail furwardiny card ig put in to the Post Office,diverting the maki for the alias name from the pre-staqious uddress to the rent-a-box. The prestigiouswhbysse. plvsuld be a muiti-unit dwelling in « lurgecaly ak pupuluoon vrue, A few Lust letters shouldbe sent to the alias name at the prestigious addressro verify that the muil forwurding card is in af-
2) Obtain a birth certificate, either a con-trived document or a real government issued certif-icate of a daad person or a duplicate of someonealive that lives out of state and will not be ableto recognise the photograph of the check passer.It should be noted that the mail address should beobtained tarst if one iw yoing to be sending forID documants.3) Go to the Departmont of Motor Vuhicles withthe birth certificut@ and ct a driver's license orstute issued 1D curd, which worké@ just as well asa drivec's license, However, sum? slates do notisaue stute ID carda and the driver's test willhave to d¢ taken; therefore, get the driver's man-uol und study for the test. It is incredible howmany Kauckleh@ads will flunk the test because theycome in unprepared,A brief note on paperwork and documents is inortter here for those who may find it difficuit toobtain them. A process on how to make documents isavailable from TAP, Room 418, 152 W. 42 ST, N.Y.10036. Ruquest TAP Issue #50 and aend a dollar witha stamped-self-uddresscd-cenvelope. A book explain-ing the methods of getting ID from the governmentis available from EDEN PRESS, called the NEW PAPERTRIP. Write them at P.O. Box 8410, Fountain Valley,CA 92708, and ask for their catalog. Another bookof interest by Eden Press is The Check Book, whichig well wortl the $10 cover price. Both books areA must for the serious paper tripper. The PuperTrip also explaing how to make up ficticious socialsecurity numbers, which may come in handy iff one isusing contrived documents instead of governmentjusued paper ~~ it tukesa an SS number at the bankLo yet the paper that is needed, i.e., the checks.4) Go to a bank and open up a checking account,It may be beneficial to open up a savings accountfirst, and then open up the cheking account. It isoften easier to open up a savings account asa thebanks ara usually more willing to take woney fordeposil than they are to issue checks, especiallyto a person that they are not familiar with. Thesavings account gets your fost in the door for thechecking account.Use the rent-a-box addresa on the checks as thehome addreas, or the prestigious addreas with theforward on it if the variation mathod is being used,It is also helpful to have 5 telephone number printedon the checks because it savas time at the cash re-gintersa. A telephone number cin be rented fro@ ananawaring service for a modest fee, and used on theThis answeringsarvice should not be the same one that is boing usedas the mail address -- just in case the merchantcalla there to verify the fone number.Do not attompt to run the scam,or oven start it,with the temporary checks that the bank first issues.Wait for the permanent checks to come in. MerchantsLert and thut the checks from the bank will therefore w4nt to s@e the person's aAddresa and phone numberrhe ot... Lhe rent-a-box. If the test Jettcrs do notwoth, cull the maa] carrier sat the Post OtfFice und“ave him the anatructions far the pail that you wantfeerwerchod, Submal anuther furewcddny cord if nucey-~ ty,
on the check, and on occagon, they request to seegona buck up ID -- most frequently, a credit cord.If a credit card ia lacking, other ID moy be sub- ,ytaituted, A AAA momberuhip card iu iwpresaive, andany ulhbec picture ID as back-up adds credence to theidentity. ,
Once the permanyunt checks arecess to some cut-of-state checks, they cs be dhepss-ited to sweeten up the account, Than ats trot jie cesSary, but it helps muintain some senioisace to dau,legitimate a8 far as haviny money dm the wee cit tacover the checks Delpy written. JO gestomeb swe cl-ening ly golny fo be une, gtartk Ovpuustarsp blechecks on Monduy. Spenilimy wil} not start uantalTuesday night. Pive days luter, on sunday, thescam ig over. Do not write any checks slter sindey.
im, oak one danas use
MONDAY: Deposit sume cul-oOf-ytate cleocke tee bly:checking account if the seceount is gory te. bo wentenced up. These chevha for depoolt cam be withetpergena], puyroll, or corporate. Avoid usingOrnmane Chaéckse. because re brinmnyy Treg y adaed Qeotath os)invesCagators, who are qulle Leases, Maki: corelthe “sweetening checks” for wma1l)] Amonites. SJ. ay,$250, and make Beveral udeposads os day Gaede ue pacaat a @different branch oftice of the lank,
’JAF. ~~
YURSDAY: Deposit more checks to sweeter sype the:account, Remember, the sweetening proce dune tee eyetional, Later this evening, wo Lo Lie wie pycb a vanesbuy some plunge tick vtB round-trip to vice places likeSan Prancisco, Miami, Huwslid, ele. Wee Cieket. oade sold for one-third to one-))t pedce, whet 1 Tass:are yood for 4 year = a@ven when bought with ov aul-ber check. Also, tackets can be traces! de at cblliegairlines before or at tho time oaf hepearbira bvs) yydestination desired, writing checks Cueubiy naytis Jike aturting Wadnesday., Only theres deenkatty chiysare gQing to be uBad Along will Lhe week,WEDNESDAY: IF you have used vubleol-otabe ches kuto eweeten up the account, you wan yo sbasppelaeg due-ing the duy when Lhe banks are open. Ti thecnajlse the bank, you hava money on deposil.haven't sweetencd up the account, wait unfid thebank has closed, usuadlhly areund five wWoly.k -check to be sure of the Lime the accountliies wep-artment closes if you want to start shuppany Lheminute the Bank {a closed.
sob ydI C Yer
After banking hours, then, hil the alepuctmenlsteres for color TV’s and atervo's, Aftce, Vine de-partment stores have closed, shop at the lisguurtBatorés and All night grocary stores where Chey dui’trequire &@ courtesy card. After this, yo tu the oir-ports and buy more plane tickéeta: the alrlises areoften open all night.THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY: can beworked the same way as wednesday -- UJepartincnt stores,then liquor stores and grocery atores, then thle oir-porta for plane tickets. Saturday and ysurduy areyceat for shopping at department stores all aduy,because tha bank accounting d@epartmenta are oftenclosed for the weekend,TELECREDIT: Thia i an lnwurance cuomproy Lliikguarantees the merchant that they will cover yourcheck if it bounces. Tho way that it werks if onyour driver's license number: if the driver’ys Ji-cenge dy aullhentic (the state giveu them the Yast),and if you haven't bounced sunby checks weeuntly,Tajocredit will spprove your check. Wig stantKnow what your bank Lesrleotiu ae, amd Ube ae gtidoosn'’t care because Telecredit wild poy bam evenid you slon'h hove aA adckie ln your saeco.

It appears that Telecredit works in differentways in different states); for example, in Califor-nia, where there ure a Jot of paper trippers, thereis a $600 limit over a two-week period that Tele-credit will approve. On the other hand, in Con-necticut Telecredit has not set a limit as of 6/79.In states like California, where Telecredit hasa limit, the way to rack up a huge amount of NSFchecks is this: always make purchases of over sixhundred dollars. Telecredit will not insure acheck over six hundred dollars; however, for a 50¢fee to the merchant member, they will verify theauthenticity of your driver's license, and the mer-chant may b2 willing to part with the material.Since Telecredit did not insure the check, only ver-ified it, there is still the original six hundreddollar credit limit left. What this means is thatyou can write as many $600 and over checks duringthe shopping period Wednesday through Sunday. SonyTrinitron TV sets, the top of the line sets withremote control, cost about $635 with tax and makeexcellent items to purchase. Remember to look onthe door of the store to see if they display thelittle blue and white Telecredit welcome checksign -~ your check is welcome here. And while youore at it, buy all tha neat little things tiat youalways wanted but could never afford: jewelry,clothing, stereo, and whatever else your acquisitivenature demands. While waiting for the personalized,permanent checks to come in, it is) expedient tolook around for stores to buy at.WARNING: Heed this well. After you have de-posited the out-of-state checks to sweeten up theaccount, you may have over a grand on deposit. Donot go back to the bank and try to make a withdrawal.The bank will not give you the money, and if you havealready startcd writing checks against deposit, theymay want to detain you .....- ox worse,Also, it is not recommended using your own carwhen out on the spending spree. Some merchants,especially grocery stores and department stores{when picking up the color Tv's at the serviceenterance), will watch you when you leave and writedown your license plate number. Pent a car ifpossibile. Because many rental agencies will wanta credit card before renting out a car, one may haveto put a large cash deposit up, so prepare for it.Ag previously mentioned, leave no links to yourreal identity. The slightest thread may be enoughfor the investigators to pick up on. Be extracareful using addresses and phone numbers that wereon any applications, making sure that no one atthese places knows who you are or where to find you.If references are needed on some applications, useout of state references of people who do not knowyou -- doctors, lawyers, and priest know so manypeople that they can't remember all of them, Lotsof them listed in the fone book too.BMLED FOR JAIL: The State of Emiplosers of it least 12 grocery soresMechigan hos fled su7! agains! a iMotbe halapacoo anew even’ dec onPron mmole in an altempt to then tippy tea lotrly. Phey ve been ac-cotect room and boord for his coping claeks for over SIO payable toskein poll According ta the suit “Jo OM Stick’! and signies! by “U. R.ogaws! Chorles Frum, who is Stuck.” Ta make maticrs worse, a poserving time for receiving sioten lice testi] sak the checks were copicsproperty, the slote may require ' li . Ireatonably well-to-do inmatet to , Katty me in reaching enshicrs$12,140 Frum soy tow ba set forged chevks. “vc neverfer, rather nae oil sect Nip os alata” othe. detec.hye wolomtevict,Alter third number policyCalls made from coin phones to loca-bons outside the United States andCanada now require © vo. acceptancebefiwe they can be charged 10 a thirdpumber.Thx action was taken Dec. 5. ac-cording to uperator services. lo helppeotect company revenues and to puardagams! frand problems in the interna-onal mowket similiar be tbe ones we havee\penernced iminterstite, ministate andbocal marketsH an operator canm get acceptance,he of she will suppes! that the call betried later of ‘that alternatebillingbeprovtded. Last vear the company lostthout $40,000 in uncollected revenuesfrom imfernathinal calls Wentified ns
64
fraud.Even thoogh the practiceis being im-plemented thoughout Uhnok Hell.calls handled by International Operut-ing Center (FOC) operators will mo beaffected.2
TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036
FREE BOOKSNo TAP readcr should be without lots of readingmaterial. All the books one could ever want canbe obtained from the Book Clubs . FREE! Hereis the better-way-scam-it-yourself method:1) Obtain some freebie applications (Book ClubMembership Applications), preferably the ones thatare prestamped by the Book Clubs. These can beobtained in quantity from magazines in one's locallibrary, from one's own magazines, and in lobbiesof hotels and in waiting rooms. Tear out Lheapplications, fill in the sclection numbers, andlater, at one's leisure, fill in the rest of theblanks on the cards.2) A suitable alias name should be used to jointhe Book Clubs and to order other freebies. Thealias name should be typed on a piece of paper andscotch-taped to one's mailbox, notifying the post-man where to deliver all the boxes of books thatare going to come in.3) It is useful to keep a list of all freebiepackages sent for and received. Some clubs frownupon being sent two applications by the same per-son, and it 18 easy to make this mistake when send-ing out dozens ana dozens of freebie applications.By making a checkmark on the list as each packagecomes in, outstanding packages are easily kepttrack of.4) When all the packages have come in, one cantake the alias name off his mailbox. A mail for-warding card for the alias can be sent to the PostOffice, stating some distant forwarding address,and all the dunning letters from the Book Clubswill be automatically sent away instead of clutter-ing up the mailbox.One's own address is a convenient place to receivethe books; however, one might want to get the bookssent to a mail receiving service. A mail addresscan be located thru the Yellow Pages under "Mail"or "Telephone Answering Service.” Frequently, onewill £ind that a Book Club offers only books thathe has no interest in; order them anyway and givethem to a friend, donate them to the ja11] libraryor sell them to a used book dealer for extra cashAlso, remember to take advantage of the RecordClubs, Tape Clubs, and other “bill-me-laters."-- Boobala Bumpkinski --in eurrea in spiteofgooa by anfof HH. — Bil’“ees Big Neighboris listeningWashington (UP1)—Shace atoll freeCeiling his fateWICHITA, Ran. (AP) — A borglary briefly federal “fraud hotline” was set up lestwerd over the beads of dozensof while await. Jeauary. Americans have sn¥ched oninginterrogationat City Hall. their ca-workers and neighbors mereEddie David war moattended in 2 holding fhan 7,100 timesAx a result, bispecters general ofthe 12 cabinet departments are investigaling almost 3,000 substantive allestions of fraud im the goveramentl¢ lips heve come in on a Ielephonecubicle and crawled jato the room's false ceiling. of ficerssaid. He moved around notsily for severai a3dozens ef employestried te guess Where be would comedown.A ladder was i and Locke fimalty ctimbed lime set wp by the General Acrountdown — to be by a crowd thai had gathered to Offier to take (ips on wasle, fraud andwatch He threw up bis hands and announced, “I'm the lilegel activity involving governmentmate enance man. Boy do you hive begswp there” moneyLocks wastaken telecestody immedi tety. The 24hour tollfree mumber b600-424 4
HU RoteUS POSTAGEPAIDPmt No JKeashey. Ne.)