Blue Bex Equipment And UsagebyFred SteinbeckFor all you blue box fans out there, here are aoumber of parts and part sources for your littledevices that you may be {interested in. Also In thisarticle are some comments on Nick Haflinger and TedVail’s blue (green) box in issue number 68, and theuse of blue boxes in the Bay Area.SpeakersMany phreaks are fond of using telephoneearpieces as speakers for their boxes. This haesome advantages, as the high resistance (7100 ohms)causes less power to be drawn. However, getting thelittle SOB‘sm out of pay phones is close toimpossible.Fortunately, Trinetics, Inc. (55807 Currant Road/ Mishawaka, Indiana 46544 / (219) 259-8535 (yes,they accept phoned COD orders)) makes what theycall the PC-48 Inductive coupler. This is a thingwhich fits around the earpiece of your phone, andwith a four foot cord to an I/8" phono plug, getshooked up to your box. Tones are then played intothe phone with little ar no fuss or muss. The PC-4Bcan also be used to record calls, and costs $10.00.As some of you may remember, this was firstmentioned in an earlier issue of TAP.There 1s, however, a problem with the inductivecoupler.In order for it to be loud enough to beheard, you need a great deal of power. This isprobably just because inductive couplers are not asefficient as speakers.KeyboardsFor me, finding a good 4x4 matrix keypad waa abit of a problem. However, Advanced ComputerProducts, Inc. {P.0. Box 17329 / Irvine, CA / (800)854-8230 or (714) 55A-8813 t[nside CA (No CODorders)) has solved my problems, if onlytemporarily. They offer, for $10.00, a FlexSwitch4x4 keypad (black with white unmarked keys) whichIs anlty 0.03 Inches thick! Unfortunately, thebeastte measures 4" on a side. Too large, in myopinion.Another solution may be on the horizon, however.Grayhilt, Inc. (569 Hillgrove Ave. / La Grange,Ittinois, 60525 / (31?) 354-1040) manufactures anumber of 4x4 (and other) keyboards which are only2" on 8 side. A vast {fmprovement. I don't know ifGrayhill sells directly, as I haven't talked withthem yet, but T am sure they would be happy to tellyou who you could buy thelr products from.The Green Box in $68In issue number 68, Nick and Ted's article onthe green box was printed, along with a set ofschematics for such a creature. There are a fewcomments I would like to make on this schematic.The LM 747 Output PinIn the schematic, one of the outputs of the LM747 op-amp is not numbered on the diagram (i.e.,there ts no pin number golng with that output).Just to set the record straight, it should be plnnumber l2. If you have tssue #68, you might want tomake the correction now, to save time later.Op-samups In GeneralFor my verston of the the green box, I'm usingan M386 op-amp. This produces 400 milliwatts, whichIs ‘more than the LM747 can produce, The LM386,however, nas 8&8 problem when [tt comes to biasingcorrectly. Why, I don't know.Parts Por ItI have had trouble finding 40103's around here.AgasSn, Advanced Computer Products (address above)saved my neck. They carry 40103's, they just don'tadvertise them. They cost $4.25 each. If someonecould find a better {pronounced "“cheaper"TM) place,please let us ail know. ,
TAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036NOVEMBER 1982No. 79Fred Steinbeck IssueI managed to get a couple 27C16 CMOS PROM's froNational Semiconductor. I think these might he theonly PROM's that would take a sma)] enough am intof current to make the project practical. My follyassembled green box takes 42 ma standby current,and 47 ma when producing tones.For those of you who don't like wiring crystals(me - I hate buying capacitors), Jameco Flectronics(1355 Shoreway Road / Belmont, CA 94002 / (41 °%592-8097 (COD's accepted)) makes a little pPaokaywhich has four pins, but fits ina 14 pin tock.Give it +5 VDC on one pin, ground on trother, aridthird will produce & 1 MH2 square wave. Tt ones$9.95, part number OSC 1.000. The only problem w:this device is that fit draws 20 ma typical. *the conventional circuit and you just about hale:the current consumption.Plea Por PartsThe places I have mentioned ahove are cotatiexpensive...I know that there are che-spee pircceeout there. However, having more money thar tan.I'm too lazy to find them. If someone elu viait might make a good article.Boxing From The BayIn using @ blue box Around here fEys! Pays, Weenumbers and information don't scem to wortwell. Or more accurately, at all. So, the reti.have been using is this: call a lang @lrtuoc:number, one that you know can be hleesed -fEL 6 oe,as the phone on the other end starts to ri -, ,off. Unfortunately, if the number you go oursyour money witli be gobbled at the ered ct eleAlso, I boxed off of a 415 number tlhe countbut when I played my tones, every time ;ipm reorder signal. Does anyone know i' the 2.use automatic equipment? YY ky w thi ro pee acecorrect ({.e., {t works from othec area © De -Another possibility is Roxing Frow te oydoxes. Park your car next t) one, open .- Seyour handset (you do have a Jinvwrer oe bt,don't you?) to find a working tair. The oo20' of wire (which the terminal tex miryboxes have a big spool] of wire ins:te’ t- Teline to your car. Hook up the hasacet sr bo. eg!This brings up the point of “Why toe at os,just dial with my handset now?" In my 4... )-putting ‘em through yourself is more :: v..+ -'swhy|Comments, Suggestions, biteh)es, wera: ateShould be sent to Fred Steinbeck, + fc TAI,Cheats won’t ring Bell any moreThe telephone company is cracking down on cheaters why tackslong-distance calis from pay phones and bill them to someun: ayes!pumberOperatora in some parts of the nation are now required tu verits wemumbert given for billing by calling the referred to phone numb: «confirming with whomever answers that Lhe caller lives or work: '' ieHf no obe answers at the number to be billed, or Uf someone wir aeitand says the person Yalling !s unknown to them, the call is reve. 4Tricksters using the confidence game cost American Telej tous +Telegraph Co more than $44 million Inst year. the company se:!
~~

The ARPARET(Pact I: Am lLatreduation)by Fred SteinbeckWiest It IeTne ARPANET, also referred to waa the Arpanet, isene ef the largest governmental computer networksin existence. It wan astadliahed In the late 1960'spurely aa an sxperimental network. It was s@successful, however, that sore and more cosputerswere added to lt, and now it is the maln governmentcomputer networh. [t was ariginally sponsored bythe Defenae Advanced Research Projects Agency(DARPA - the peeple who brought you the Alé rifle),but now it ia cum and sponsored by the DepartmentOf Oefense (DOD) and the Defenses CommunicationsAguncy (DCA - Mete that their allitary counterpart,the Defense Communicationa Command, of DCC, are thefolks who brought you AUTOVON and AUTOOIN),Access to the ARPAMET ia givan only to peoplewho “need® access. That is, if a person has agoverngent project which would require use of thenet, they would be granted access. Ag it ia now,many inatitutionea have access to the network viacomputers known as TAC’s and TIP‘'s. Mose (if notall) TAC's and TIP's have dlalup ports {withoutpazawords, «< might add). Because of this, JoeMobody can get aato the network - #ll it tekes fa alittle know how.Wnat It's Geed FurThere are basically two things you can do withthe network. First, if you Kave acceaa ta acomputer connected to the AAPANET, you Can probablysend electronic mail over the network. This ia fun,but not truly anything to get overheated about.The second thing you can do with the ARPAMET isuge it ta connect with remote computers, calledbests. This ia much iLixe Telenet (see PaulMontgomery's article in faaue 74). Once yeu casconnect to the remote computer through your dielup,you can attempt to login (not that you'd ever dethat, of course...)Thece are two basic ways of getting acceas tothe network, The first method is to (ind the dialupnueder of a TIP or TAC in your area. Then call thenumber and use 12 to cannect to the computer thatyour Inteceated in (I realise that's not veryspecific, Parts If and Ifrr of thia series wil?cuver doing just that...)Tne second method ia just as good, but it worksonly If you already Nave access to a computerconnected to the ARPANMET. If you do, look for @Program Called, curiously enough. *tip’. This is eaprogram which allows your computer to simulate aTIP. Because the program “TIP” ia dlfferenct analmost every wachine, { can’t explain exactly bowto use {¢ - you'll have to look up che informationin the computer's menual.Getting A TIP Or TAC MamberMost mejor universities and collages araconnected to the ARPANET. Also, large corporsatiansor companies dolng buainess with the government maybe connected. Here are some apecific places thathave T]P'm or TAC‘a:Gunter Alr Force Station, AL: Hanscom Air ForceBase, CO; Andrews Alc Porce Base, Washington;Kirtland Aic Force Base, NM; Aray CommunicationsKlectronics Command, Fort Monmouth, NJ; Bolt,Beranek and Newmen, {tac., Cambridge, MA}Massachusetts Institute Of Technology. MA: MITRECorp., WA; Moffett Field, CA) National Bureau OfStandards, Washington; Rockwell Intl., Richardson,TX; SAI International (aur favoritel)., Menlo Park,CA; Stanford University, CA; The Aand Corp, SantaMonica, CA; Univacaity Of Southern Califernia; andthe University Of Uteh.My, oll thope Air Porce Basan. While’ you'tethere, perhaps you could ask about AUTOVOW, too! Inany cane, ap far as getting TIP/TAC numbers, uneeoumen sense and bellanitting techniques. Firat,ask computer ecience atudenta at the university orcollege tn questien - they'll probably know, andwen't ming giviag thea out. As fac a8 governmentplaces {i.e., Air Basan), well, juat have a goodeatery. I sew the a.ntc day et a Nationel Guard
Armory @ nocice ubout how a guy posed aa ea militaryintelligence officer and walked into the Arma roopof the armory and took an MIGAI rifle. The silitaryfen’t all that Cough...So, For now, you sission is {if Jims Preipa wi))aliow me to borrow hia line) tao Lind aut the TIPand TAC numbers in your area. Later issues willlheve pacts II end III, which cover actuelly usiagthe net. Stay cool ‘till then.The ARPAET(Part II: tee O€ The Bot}by Fred SteinbeckDialing The BetOk, now you’ve got a TIP or TAC number andyou're just waiting to find out how to screw withthe ARPAWET, right? Well, firsae thing im to carlthe TIP/TAC number. Ie will glve an answer tona, uoyour modem (presumably 300 baud) should be get fororiginate.Mothing bappenal Wothing ia printed an theacreent Fantastic. The TIP or TAC la waiting for «@bent character, @ charactec which will tell it wharspeed you are running at.Tf you have the dialup for a TAC, type acentrol-Q. Yau should then get the message..- -<Sitename> TAC <version #> <port @>If you don't. or {if the message is garbled, hitthe break key (fer people without "break" keys, Cryhitting the *°#* sign button an a touch-tone phone)and then type another contro!-Q. If ‘this doesn'twork, let me know by mail, and I'll see if I can’tfigure something out for you.TIP's are anotber story entirely. They are agenecal pain in the ase to work with. The huntcharacters for TIPF's vary depending an the baudrate and the device thet you are using to connectto the TIP.If yeu are ASCII 110, 150. or 300 baud. the huntcharacter ia "E" (upper-case). If you transmitASCIL 300 baud, but ceceive at 1200 baud, thecharacter ia “DD”. ASCYL 1200 baud doesn't need abunt character. Anasuging you get the hunt characterta TIP ok, you should see the TIP signon message,which fa like the TAC signon. Note that ASCII 1200baud people don’t get a algnon message.Gaing The HetThece are two commands we arcs concerned with.The first is “@o host/iap”, which tells the TIP?/TACto open a connection to the specified host and impaddress. The second command is "@c" which standsfor "close"’, and {s used for (surprise!) closingthe connection. Phe "o"% and "c* do not necessarilyHave to be in lower-case,A host/imp addrese specifiwsa the computer thetyou wish to connect with. The computer you willmost probably want to connect with first its theNetwork Information Center at SRI International.The bost/imp address for this is "0/73", go thecommand to connect to it is:@o 0/73The Metwork Information Center (SRI-NIC) willrequire an account - when it types "@", type either"WICGUEST" of "WICTM and Alt retucn.The MIC syetem is pretty straightfarward, butobnoxious to use. It allows you to get informationon other computers on the net, how to arder (byU.S. Mail) manuals from SRI, internet protocols,etc, In shore, after acrewing with it for a while,you will learn enough about the net to go off onyour merry way.Ob, when you get ciced of a connecrian, simplytype "@c”" and hit return. This will close theconnection and oring you back te the TiP/TACcenmand sede.Thie is really a Bare-bones ceurcas on theARPANET, Sut (t Bhould Be enough ta get you outthece, nethacking to your heart's content. Mextgenth wlll be pact III, general netnotes. If, inthe meanwhile, you have questions ofr comments, sendthem to Pred Steinbeck, c/e TAP.

GibbecishbyFred Sra@inbeckThis coluan of mlne will cover many topics, some ofwhich ft have dealt with defore - itn short, it's apotpourri of various things...or, gibberish,Beeks to get: An excellent book IT have justTinisahed looking over 18 Slgmallisg Ia Tale-commenications Metworks by Samuel Welch. This book,although rather technical, covers SF signalling, FP{ntearoffice signalling, CCIS (common channelinteroffice Bignalling, also known as plain ol'common channel signalling, CCS), and sany othertopics. Highly recommended.Books I‘d like te get: In issue number G8, TheMagician wrote about the Bell book Netens OnDistance Dialing, mentioning that it used to cost$12.95. He alzo said to send a SASE for more infoon geatting [{t. Would it not be esnler to tell howin TAP? Or is it ane of those things that ia betterleft to a limited raaderahip?how Goes one get a copy ofthe CCIT? Green book, o¢ the Sell 160 Series TestCodes? I'd like to gut these, but = have Not Seensuccessful yet...perhaps somabady will take pityand send some info in, huh?Along the Bame lines,
Articles: The July Penthouse magazine haa anarticle on computer crime. Belleve lt or noc, thisacticle mantianga aur goad fclend Dann Parker, aswell ag Susan Thunder, the 8685S, and the COSHNOsScomputer symstem...worth reading, perhaps.Serine: In the last issue, number 76, there was aList of Sprint dialups across the nation. However,one { used to use in Oekland, (425) 832-5615, waeomitted. While If appreciate the effarct that wentinte compiling such a list, ia it possible thareare mocu additions?Gacbage: Garbegs can provide an excellent source ofinformation..-dialups, passwords, compucer logins,etc. Try going through your local ESS dumpster lateat night and see what's there. Or perhaps a etockmarket place, Of dank (be careful, theugh)- I thinkyou'll be surpriged at what you'll get (besidesEleasa and the plague)!Mawslines: Here are a couple in the Pac Tel area,from Bell's own newspaper, Updarea:(415) 545-8600 San Prancisco (or)>-!(@00) @82-1061 (from California)<¢-={(408) 491-7777 Sen Jose(714d) 237-3111 San Biago(714) 835-5111 Orange-Inland EapireThe Sen Jouse nusber in fague numbar 65 isdisconnected.I talked with another guy, this ane anI got the followingAUTOVOM:electronics tech with the Navy.from hig.AUTOVON is sponsored by the Defense CommunicationsCommand (DCC). They ace the military countecpart ofthe Oefense Communicatlons Agency. Tra Alr Forceace the main AUTOVON users, and the Navy uses !t »@good deal too. There ia another service similar toAUTOVON callad AUTODIN, which stands for AUTOmaticDigital information Network, [tt is used only forconnecting computers together.At any given time, the mllitary controls / uses 3%to 7% of the nation's long distance lines. However,In an emergency, at the Ppreas of a button, acomputer called SCAN in Omaha will grab onto 968% ofthe civilfan long @istance iines for allitary use.Could be cute co get the dialup ta SCAM!Last. Bore and more AUTOVOM traffic {a being putthraugh government computerl® Called STEAMVALVESs,which are easentially cver-grownm voice encryptere.I aeem to have run out of things to write absur.Comments or questions should be directed te me c/aTAP. Or, like < aald, write an artiélelfae Fact Sheet 4d =- $.50.| Bplayed Box, & 2602 Whistle Perfector plana.{ Send CASH, check. Or money ordar ta 1TAP, Room 60), 147 Weat 43nd Street, New York,ny. 10636.
Back Iseves ace $. 75“each.
Gibbeciahm IIbyFrad StainbeckWelcome again to a collection of oddities andabizzareness in the phone phield. Much af thissonth*’s material comes astraight from the horse'sass, so to speak (i.e, the Sell System).ESS ‘sAh, yes, the infamous EIS, ofr EleeteonicSwitching System. The very word atrikes terror Intothe heart of a phone: phreak. Firat the bad news, Iguese. I was ceading a few days ago in the May /June "62 issue of Sell Lab's Recerd magazine, andfound that S18 of all switching centers across theU.S. ere mow ESS's. It took Bell 17 yeara ta getthe First half done, and it is expected to takesanother 16 years to £inieh the jeb. 1992, pariends.# Sigh *Sew Payphosee?tn the March "B82 jauus of Record, { sew thatBell ia working on o naw pay phone. This one iaknown #8 the “electronic” model (as opposed toe theold one?) In any case, the thing is a little betterarmored, and is allagad by 3e1l Laba to produce the2200 4 1700 Hx wore accurately. It's slso supposedto detect slugs and fareign colns better. We seal]Sea, a5 it is supposed ro appear in 1983.Autoaated Cein Tell Service (ACTS)Around here (Bay Area), we have a new computercalled ACTS. This computer runs under stationswhich have TEPS, and desically tries to impersonatsan operator. ACTS {gf used with pay phones, far longdistance ceils. Por example, you put in your dimeand dial a long diatance call. You hear «a voice(with an 60 word vocabulery, n& lesa) come on andsay, “Thirty five cents pleama. {2 Becond pause)Please deposit thirty five cants for che next threeminutes." If you talk for more than the threeminutes, and then Bang up, ACTS will call back anddemand your money...Morea bad news ~ ACTS, being a computer, candetecc coln toll fraud {i1.@., red boxes) Betterthan operators, I would sssume {it would seasure theduration and frequency of the tones. You can flashthe switchook, however, or dial "6" and get theoperator. Why you'd want to do that, I don't know,She'd probably juste rurn you over to ACTS again.If you waat a document on ACTS (a@ promotional /qua@i-technical one), ar have any questions orcomments about this arcicle, send a SASE to PredSteinbeck, C/o TAP.Ifyou wantto cut yourphonebills,cut outthischart.Tsmgue @50 (a $1,50.
Joe Engresaia & Bell Security Chief John Ooherty.TAPTAP Fact
Subscriptions - 10 issues per year. {US Bulk Envelope Rate $8.US First Class in plain sesled envelope $10. jCanada & Mexico Pirst Class $10.Poreign Surface $9. - Poreign Air Mail $12. |IMPORTANT} Pleabe include your mailing lebel or aXerox copy whenever you write to TAP about your |subacription. iElectronic Courses - $.75 each. A - OC Rasica,A - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D = Amolifiers. !TAP "Ma Bell” Patch - 51.50.TAP *TSeh nivecsarcy” Pen - $.50. jTAP Canseatte 4-30. Hear Cape Crunch, Al Sell;Sheet #1 + $.55. Credit card call hints.act Sheec TZ = $.50. Free BELL phone calls.ET — $.50. Pree GTE phone calla.Dual Tone Ogeillator.Fact 'Fect sheet [tdJ

WHIX WizardrybyFred SteinbeckIn this column, I shall try to show a few tricksI bave picked up while hacking on the UNIXoperating system. This {= not meant to be atutorials I assume you are relatively familiar withUNIX. Enough to know what I'm talking about, in anycase.I use the UNIX systems here at U.C. Berkeley, soa few notes ebout them: Pirst, they run Version 7UNIX, and generally run under the C-shell. I thinkthat most systems around use the C-shell today,though, and are version 7, so that shouldn't be anyproblem.Directories & Terminals: Some good directoriesto mess with are /etc, /usr/doc, /usr/spool, and/dev. This last directory, /dev, contains all thedevices (peripherals) on the system.UNIX treats all] I/0 devices as Files, whichmeans that there are some special things you can dowith them. First, all terminals hooked into thesystem have a file associated with them. At UCB,most of the terminals are /dev/dzti, /dev/bxtté, orf/dev/mxti. The "#" signs are digits,In any case, the "who command prints out thenemes of the terminals people are on. 50, let's saythat a friend of yours has logged on, usingterminal "dz28". Well, the filename whichcorresponds to terminal “d4228" isa /dev/dz28.Following this to it's logical conclusion, If wetypecat /usr/dict/words > /dev/dzr28ané hit return, we will cause the entire 50,000word dictionary (in the fille "/usr/dict/words”) tobe printed on his terminal. If he happens to be ona 300 baud dialup, well, so much for him.You can probably see the difference between thisand the “write” command. "Write”TM prints "messagefrom 80-and-s0" (your name where it says»"so-and-#o0") on his screen. Well, "cat*ing Intoother people's terminals doesn’t reveal youridentity to them, so it is less likely that theywill be able to retaliate.Another good command, when used in conjunctionwith terminal filenames, is "stty” (set tty). Thecommandstty 0causes you to be logged off. But, if we specify aterminal to send this command through, it willeffect the user of that terminal. Therefore,stty 0 > /dev/dz28will logout your aforementioned friend (boy, yousure treat your friends rotten, don't you?)Well, it’s 2 in the morning right now, so I'dbest leave you to your UNIX wizardry, and me to mysleep. But there's more...80on: anonymous messagesin the system bulletin board program.
1SCAGE A GRCR WEEEbi tbVOGNE.”79
ACTS Updateby Fred SteinbeckI wish to apologize for some misinformation in aprevious column of mine (Gibberish II). In thiscolumn, I mention ACTS, the Automated Coin Tol]Setvice computer which is replacing operators foraccepting money at pay phones. I gave theimpression that ACTS would be hard to use red boxeson, as it, being a computer, would be able todetect timing differences between red boxes and thepay phone.I have newer been more wrong. I have witnessedsuccessfully boxed calls using a manusl red box -one where the length of the tone is determined byhow long the switch is held down. In other words,the button is pressed twice to simulate a dime.ACTS happily accepts this, so I conclude that itdoesn't know so milisecond from a hole in theground.I should mention another possibility, however.It could be (and I have no proof of this at aj})that if ACTS suspects toll fraud, it allows thecall to go through, and then notifies an operator.This probably isn't so. Occasionally &n operatorwill come on the line and ask for money, but thisonly seems to happen when the "money" is depositedtoo fast,On @ related subject, I have found what seems tobe the best way to blue box from the Bay Area. Cal)a number you know can be blue boxed off of, from apay phone, using your red box. Then disconnect andre-route your cali with your blue box. The most itwill cost you is a nickel,I know a girl who did this the other day. A fewdays later the person she called got 4 call fromBell Security. They knew the number she called, thenumber she called from (which is why you should usea pay phone), the time of day the call was placed,and the length of the call. So it might be prudentonly to do this when scanning for operator codes,ete., unless you know the person you are callingwon't talk.Q. tn Ais fascinating book “Russia,” Robert Karen ws 4calmsthatthereareno telephoneswitchboardsin- &Russian hotels Hthat s true, howdo telephone cats sget through?—Mildred Davis, Austin,Tex. zA. Each hotel room in the newest Moscow hotels +has itsown phone, its own separate phone number,its own outside kines. In creature comforts the SovestUnion kags 50years behindtheU.S.
C4%m>0MOTTACurling up in front of the fireBook Reviewby Cheshire CatalystAB a Phone Phreak, we are all called upon fromtime to time to explain to our less technicalfriends “How it all Works.“ Now there is a bookyou can hand them, (or tel] them to get) calledAll About Telephones, by Van Waterford. The bookglosses over the history of telephone service inthe U. 8., and then explains the workings of theinsides of the phone, His explanation of the net-work inside the phone left much to be degired, andhe didn't explain fully why there were so manyharmonics available from the ringer. Then again,that wasn't what the book was really about.Most of the book seems to discribe what tele-phone hardware is out there in the marketplace,and how to hook it up. It goes into modular con-nectorgs, cordless telephones, decorator phones,repertory diallers, caculator phones, scramblers,security alarms, facsimile, and mobil radiophones.It includes a glossary, which is pretty goodfor the new comer. Most important, it has a listof suppliers, including addresses, of all thecompanies mentioned in the book,The blurbs on the back of the book Alsomention The Handbook of Telephones & Accessories($9.95 paper, Order 48557) which T hope to reviewin a future issue.All About Telephones (order number 1097) isavailable For $5. rom Tab Books, Pept Tap, BlueRidge Summit PA, 17214.