This issue of TAP goes out to the town of Waterville, Maine! 
YOU CAN HELP TAP 
If you can contribute any information that you think other 
readers would be interested in, please do so. TAP readers 
are the main source of our information. You can help by 
meeting employees of phone and power companies, alarm 
places, etc., and asking them about questions other people 
raise in the newsletter. Be sure to get details and maintain 
contact in case you have additional questions. Most empl- 
oyees of those companies would be glad to screw their boss 
and they'd probably be interested in TAP, too. We hope 
that a lot of you will gather information so we know what 
the scene is around the country and Canada. 
We also need info on the following: 
Automatic Blue Boxes-With info about where they're nec- 
essary. 
Vending Machines-Locks, getting stuff, etc. 
Locks- New code books, picking Medeco, Sargent Keso, 
tricks, etc. 
Radio- Setting up your own Station, Schematics, legal 
stuff, jammers, etc. 
Burglar Alarms-Holmes and other central station alarms, 
bypassing, electronic keys and picking, etc. 
Also, Magnets, Overseas Phreaking, and Chemistry. 
Pay Phones- How they work, operator's consoles and pro- 
cedures, bypassing, using boxes on, coin relay info, etc. 
We need a digital genius to develop a 74161 programmable 
divider circuit that needs work. Can someone do it? 
Are you interested in building projects in TAP but afraid 
that you don't have the know-how? If so, you should know 
that our Electronics Correspondence courses are designed 
to give you a fast introduction to electricity and to get you 
started building projects. We're trying to put out 6 courses 
that will allow beginners to build any project in TAP by 
the time they're done reading them and doing the experi- 
ments, Four courses are ready now and they're 50¢ each 
(free if you can't afford it), The newest one is Amplifiers, 
Course D, Also A, 
Basic Electricity, B, Alternating Cur- 
rent, and_C-Basic Phone Operation. 
Dear TAP, 
Union Oil Co. is reportedly salting away gasoline in its 
dead service stations. Next time you find such an ostensibly 
folded station, it wouldn't hurt to see if the storage tanks 
are really empty(Union may not be alone in the use of the 
tactic); if there's gas there, feel free to indulge in the 
“spirit of '76". 
-CALIFORNIA- 
Dear TAP, 
Ihave heard a rumor wat operators in Boston have been 
giving only minor hassles to C,C, callers, the usual ploy 
being a question as to whether the caller is using the 1974 
number or last years. This has proven to scare ‘off only 
the most nervous of customers, 
-MASSACHUSETTS- 
MARCH 1974 
NO. 26 
The Benevolent Association of Relentless Exhibitionists 
association with the American Streaking Society, better 
known as B,A,R.E, A.S.S,, announced in Daytona Beac 
Florida that the world's first streaking championship will 
take place on the world's most famous beach during the 
Easter Holidays. Champion streakers from all over the 
U.S.A, are expected to compete as well as a large contin- 
gent of foriegn competitors. For further information write 
General Delivery, Peninsula Station, Daytona Beach, Fla. 
32018. .. BIT in London publishes the best guide around to 
going to or through any country-$6. 00 airmail and it's cal- 
led Overland through Africa. Has methods and tips for get- 
ting through cheaply. They also publish stuff that you should 
see if you're heading to Europe. Write BIT, 146 Great Wes- 
tern Rd. , London W11(tel. 012298219 alias KP0441229 8219 
ST). Send Int'l Money orders only, no checks please...N. J. 
Bell is replacing glass phone booths with Kayrex, a rigid 
vinyl, as part of their Coin Patrol program(Quack!). Doors 
are being removed from booths and they'll convert all the 
phones to single-slotters by 1976. Finally, they're instal- 
ling curved pieces of sheet metal at the appropriate level 
inside the booths so that liquids directed at the sides of the 
booth are deflected to the customer's feet. . 
. Paranoid? 
Aren't we all! RESIST, 763 Massachussetts Ave. #4, Cam- 
bridge, Mass. 02139 publishes a Movement Security Kit 
which tells what to do to keep your cool with police, agents 
and grand juries and even has some true stories about a 
few Sicko agent-types who give radicals a bad name. Send 
a stamped, self-addressed 8x11 envelope and $1 to them.. 
This month TAP salutes Detroit, Michigan, home.of the un- 
employed big car workers and the pollution-causing comp- 
anies that had the foresight to build 10 mile-per-gallon cars 
for the last decade. General Motors (556 4651 083S) helped 
make this country what it is today. And with April 15 com= 
ing up, the IRS (226 7220083X) and (226 7340 083Z) and 
(226 7727 083Q)is looking forward to spending your dollars 
in freedom-loving enterprises around the world. Detroit 
is area code 313, 
Dear TAP, 
There is a type of sandwich machine, with 13 tiers of 10 
compartments, which cycle past a column of sliding doors 
in chain fashion at the push ofa 
button, Cycle the sandwich 
you want to the door for that tier, pay your money, and 
take your chances. If, instead of sliding the door to the 
right, one slides it up against the track, pries the bottom 
of the door slightly outward via the crack at the bottom, & 
then pulls the door down and slightly outward, enough space 
is left at the top to squeeze a sandwich past (or maybe more 
than one);no deposit, no return, Don't do this; some glut- 
tonous: fool may observe your technique, empty the machine 
and inflict a serious case of indigestion upon themselves. It 
is considered lacking in style to cave in the front panel of 
this (or any vendor) with a hammer, or to remove it witha 
glass cutter (or chemicals, in the case of plastic panels). 
When the man comes to refill the vending machines, and 
leaves his keys in the lock with his back turned, do not 
take the key ring away; this will get him in trouble. 
-CALIFORNIA- 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1974 
Movement groups may reprint with TAP's address, and 
please send us copy of reprinted work.
T 
! 
son | | i 
= 
200 =| j 
| 
7654321 
i 
ele 
A 1100- 
| 
+ 
+43 
6 lout 
1300 — 
| 
fi 
A 2038 (top) 
v-l4 
1700) | | 
8 
101112 14 
Tal Gp 
A 
| 
mp 
x PERE RE TS +t 
Top _ Views 
900 | | st! 
8 \V+ 
1100 
i 
apy 
2 
6 Out 
: 
> 
Telephone 
B 1300 
ai. 
5 
“Earpiece 
34 
2600-+| 
[ 
= 
7654321 
Resistors-1/4 watt, 10% 
iB caress 
‘Voltage Requlator LM-100, or LM-300 
8038(top) 
Qp-Amp 741CV (National, Signetics, etc. ) 
8 
101112 14] 
Oscillator 8038CC (Intersil)available from 
Polypaks, Babylon & others. 
Battery-Eveready 411 or 417 15 volt. 
Capacitors are in Mfd, except 47 pf. 
For more info see Issues 7, 12,13 and 14 (Tuning and Using Box) 
The new Intersil 8038CC Function Generator forms the 
basis of the Multifrequency generator. By varying an exter- 
nal resistor 
we change the frequency of the 8038. Unlike the 
phase-shift oscillators in Issue 12, however, the distortion 
remains at a low 1%, and the circuit requires only two osc- 
illators instead of 7. The diodes route +10 volts to different 
pots for the different tones. As in Issue 12 a diode matrix 
can be built with two pieces of perf-board forming a diode 
sandwich, but the new circuit requires 12 lines on one side 
and 9 on the other, 2600 is a single tone and needs no diode. 
The pots are small 20 turn (or 10 turn) trimmers. They 
can be obtained surplus for under $1 each. If you use sin- 
gle turn pots your resolution will be too"small to precisely 
calibrate the box, and a small vibration may upset the tun- 
ing. Single-turn pots can only be used if a series resistor 
makes up most of the needed resistance and the pot trims 
in the difference, but that requires 10 more resistors and 
time spent determining their value. 
‘The 8038 Box draws 20 ma., so keep the switch off when 
possible. The smallest 15 volt batteries will work but not 
for too long. A regulated supply is needed, and the LM-100 
or 300 works fine. The hookup shown supplies 10 volts to 
the circuit, The on-off switch should not be replaced with 
diodes in this box for maximum stability. 
Tuning is super-easy because the 8038's plug into IC 
sockets(don't build it without sockets!) and by inserting 1 
8038, you can calibrate single tones easily. To tune 700, 
for example, plug in Oscillator A only and press button # 
lor 2,4, or 7) and tune the 700 pot_ to 700 using a counter, 
or an accurate signal generator by "beating" method, 900 
is tuned while pressing 3,5, or 8. When you're done with 
all 5 tones on one oscillator, switch the oscillator to the 
B socket and tune the other 5 pots. Then install both 8038's 
and let your fingers do the walkin~! 
LAB NOTES 
We didn't think we'd need the regulator at first but the 
frequency doesn't hold with supply changes as well as it's 
supposed to, Also, 10 volts is the minimum operating vol- 
tage and so is the lowest current drain. Since the battery 
wears down, it's nice to have a time margin before the 
supply voltage drops, Germanium diodes are used to min- 
mize differences in voltage drop. Only diodes that feed the 
same pot need be matched to each other. 
The 82k resistor is supposed to be 81k for minimum dis- 
.01 mfd, caps are polystyrene or mylar. 
All capacitors are 15 volts or greater. 
Diodes-small-signal matched germanium, 
or silicon, 
Pots- 25k, 10 or 20 turn trimmers 
tortion but it's unnecessary here. Acoustic coupling induces 
more than 10% distortion alone. The best coupling is real- 
ized with a telephone earpiece. To use an 8 ohm speaker 
you need a 500-8 ohm transformer which isn't worth it in 
our opinion, Earpieces can be disected if you're size con- 
scious, 
We're especially proud of the amplifier circuitry, 
or to 
be more accurate, the lack of it, Since the 8038's sine 
wave output is referenced to V+/2, we use the outputs to 
bias the op amp to 5 volts, so the 100k mixing resistors 
end up killing two birds with one stone, And unity gain 
yields 3 less parts and a beautiful +2dBm at the phone set 
terminals with tight acoustic coupling to the mouthpiece. 
‘That!s the same'level (for a Single tone) as a Touch-Tone 
phone signal||Felicitas est canis parvus calidus, Bell Labs! 
‘Thanks to all of you who helped us by sending in your 
ideas for this box. 
If you want 
to cut your phone bills, 
cut out this 
i 
Chsck Testes 
are $.75 cach. tssue #50 is 
$1.50. 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk Rate $7. 
| US Bulk Envelope Rate $8. 
! 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $10. 
| canada & Mexico First Class $10. 
' 
Foreign Surface $8. - Foreign Air Mail $12. 
| IMPORTANT! Please include your mailing label or al 
Xerox copy whenever you write to TAP about your 
| subscription. 
| 
Electronic Courses - $.75 each. A - DC Basics, 
B - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers. 
' 
ttch ~ $1.50. 
pi 
ai 
en - $.50. 
te 
Hear Capt Crunch. Al Bell, 
Joe Engressia & Bell Security Chief John Doherty. 
| TAP 
t Sheet #1 - $.50. Credit card call hints. 
TAP 
t Sheet #2 - $.50. Free BELL phone calls: 
| TAB Fact Sheet ¥3 - $.50. Free GTE phone calls. 
TAP 
Sheet ¥4 - $.50. Dual Tone Oscillator, 
| Displayea Red Box, & 2600 whistle Perfector plans. § 
Send CASH, check, or money order to : 
| TAP, Room 603, 147 West 42nd Street, Mew York,
Dear TAP, 
When down and out, without any boxes or ripoff aids ata 
payphone & you must pay ona L,D, call, if you drop only 
about 2/3 of the money in super quickly, the operators 
don't listen anyway & will often let you off on that much. 
-KANSAS- 
Dear TAP, 
Con Ed issues two "FINAL" notices of service suspension. 
The blue one is the first. Ignore the shutoff date. The red 
notice is the real one. When the blue one arrives, phreaks 
have been known to write to Con Ed, claiming that they'll 
be moving into the apartment & wish to have Con Ed service 
turned on in their name. A deposit is likely to be extorted. 
However, service is to be billed to a phoney person. The 
blue shutoff notice is voided as Con Ed switches service to 
the new resident. Except for the deposit, the phreak re- 
fuses to pay any more. So, a blue notice eventually comes. 
The phreak then uses a new name & has service "started" 
for the new resident. Except for the deposit, no more 
money is paid, When the blue notice arrives, a new resi- 
dent moves in.... 
Telephone dial locks have been circumvented by 1) Un- 
screwing the two screws on the bottom of the phone and 
removing the case, 2) Loosening the screw that holds the 
finger-stop(see diagram below) and 3) Dialing numbers by 
stopping at the point where the finger-stop used to be before 
you removed it. This is easier than tapping out the number 
on the switchhook (And less obvious than just bending the 
finger-stop out of the way with a pliers). 
—- SNe 
Blué Boxing: 800 and long-distance information present 
some dangers when boxing since these are recorded or 
supervised, Are you overlooking the obvious? That is, 
dialing a nearby area code which is a toll line(eg. in N. Y. 
calls to 914, 201 and 516 from 212 do not count as toll 
calls and can't be 2600'd. Parts of 203 (Conn.) can be 
offed. Get a phone book to find out the nearest beepable 
exchange. Thus, although giving PA BELL some cash, it 
is completely foolproof, since we're only billed to the near- 
by toll number and not the final destination. |(This method 
still has dangers if used from a home phone. Using it from 
a pay phone is much safer, and with a red box, -cheaper!) 
Sunday N, Y. Times "Travel & Resorts" section has 
pages of ads for Florida hotels with 800 numbers- in case 
you need them (And WATS information is 800-555-1212). 
Chemistry- Would-be amateur underground chemists 
should exercise extreme caution in ordering chemicals & 
reagents, which although legal to possess, bring down, Fed. 
or local investigations. Example-A friend ordered ordered 
a chemical described in an underground manual as the last 
step in synthesizing mescaline. He had it sent toa valid & 
official laboratory address, but had no ex~ 
planation for why he ordered it, Always have 
an excuse or non-traceable address, He was 
busted for "synthesizing a controlled drug". 
-NEW YORK- 
Dear TAP, 
Having worked a few years in the coin machine industry I 
think I can give much valuable information on certain types 
of vending machines. The easiest type of machine to hit is 
the pinball game. The front door of those machines can be 
easily popped open and the cash box removed. Surprisingly 
quite often enough it is unnecessary to pop it open. Any 
straight4ooking dude can buy keys from Wurlitzer, Thes: 
keys will open the majority of machines in the N, Y, arez 
To purchase these keys it is necessary to ask by number. 
The following keys are for games: 1093, 1150, 1155, 1350, 
2255, 1234, These keys will open almost all pool table 
drawers which will enable you to play for free. Pool table 
quite often have an alarm on them which consists of a bell 
battery and a switch so observe carefully when you open 
them. Pool table cash boxes are usually master locks and 
are a job to break open. Juke boxes also use a master loc} 
to lock up cash but contain records which can be easily re- 
moved. The proper keys for jukeboxes can be obtained on 
10th Ave. The majority of coin machine companies are be= 
tween 40 and 44 st. The only other is Wurlitzer at 1161 
Rogers Ave. Juke Box keys are broken down by Corp. #!s: 
Wurlitzer: 
RW 95, RW 100, RW105, RW 110. 
Seeburg: 264, 278, 314, 336, 340, 291, 293, 205 
AME C70A, C256, RI303 
Rock-Ola: 486, 592, 593 
Juke Boxes are never alarmed and in the newer ones the 
amplifier and other digital parts are well worth it, The 
only other machine worth breaking into are the TV games. 
Steal both the TV and the circuit board. Any friend who 
knows TV will be able to restore the TV to operating cond- 
ition and the circuit board has dozens of useful ICs(7400), 
Try the following keys in the back doors:8013 and 8114 from 
Wurlitzer plus the game keys listed above. Cigarette mach- 
ines have individual keys and are often alarmed. Try a 
Rowe 87 Key (Ace) available from Simon on 10th Ave. That's 
about all I can tell you. 
Dear TAP, 
-NEW YORK- 
I've been using this method for acquiring IDs; you've pro- 
bably heard of it, but what the hell. Most university libra- 
ries have local papers on microfilm. Pick the year you 
want to say you were born and find a child who died shortly 
after birth; usually the approximate age at death is given. 
Go back to the birth notices and find the child's date of 
birth & parents name. Birth certificates and death cert- 
ificates aren't cross-referenced 
(at least where I've done 
this), and the records office will give you a copy for a few 
bucks. Then you get genuine driver's license, etc. If you 
haven't been fingerprinted it's undetectable. 
‘The advantage of using such a young child is that they 
have no records, prints, etc. The advantages of using a 
deceased person are obvious. 
Not all papers bother with obituaries for such young 
people. Sometimes fires, traffic accidents, etc. provide 
the info. If not, you can just work off birth notices. This 
way, though, you could wind up assuming the ID of some= 
one with a warrant out on them (You could probably get 
the info. off of tombstones, also). One thing I've been won- 
dering about is getting a passport with one of these IDs. I 
hear that if you go to one of the main offices & pay an extra 
fee, your passport will be processed while you wait. Do 
you know, or your readers know, how thorough a check is 
made? I'm wondering if they make an extra check for a 
death certificate. If not, Jesus.... 
Dear TAP, 
-RHODE ISLAND- 
Free Envelopes! The Banks in Penn and Grand Central 
Stations in NY and in many other cities(like Boston) have 
free envelopes for depositors who use a Bank Charge card. 
Inserting the credit card-sized Bank card into a slot ina 
panel pops out an envelope. The latches are purely mech- 
anical and any credit card will yield an envelope. These 
machines are found wherever banks have remotely located 
deposit booths, preferably unmanned, 
-H. GORDON LIDDY-
Pacific Telephone and New England Telephone are starting 
programs to track down extra extensions installed by cust~ 
omers, The programs are expected to run several years 
ang they'll eat up a lot of money for the sole purpose of 
making people pay outrageous charges for Bell-owned ex- 
tension phones. They check the number of ringers that are 
connected as we've said before, by measuring the capac- 
itance in series with the ringer.We were told that the volt- 
age used to check is 100 but we'd like to know for sure. A 
line relay using a sensitive relay and a .5 Mfd. capacitor 
(Issue 17) can drive multiple bells or other signalling dev- 
ices if you need extra bells. Or a Mallory Sonalert can be 
hooked up to provide non-detectable signalling. Or the 
capacitor in the phone can be hooked up in series with 2 
bells instead of one, thus giving the same capacitance. If 
the phone company tells you they've-detected a freebie, say 
you'll disconnect it. You can put it on later after removing 
bell. Not appearing cooperative will lead to a visit from 
Security, so be nice and dumb. 
Here's a neat way to double the number of bells in your 
home undetectably. Simply replace the .5 or .4 Mfd. cap- 
acitor in your only ringing phone with a .2 Mfd. 200 volt 
capacitor in each of two phones. The bells won't be quite as 
loud as the old one was but they'll be loud enough for most 
purposes. In Western Electric phones, remove the wires 
that go to the A and K screws and attach one to each end of 
the .2 capacitor, wrap up tightly with tape, and you're done. 
In Automatic Electric phones, the big gray capacitor is 
Sitting next to the bell. Remove the two wires from it and 
wrap them tightly around the new capacitor, seal the whole 
mess with tape and close up the phone. Doing this to each 
of two phones makes the phone co. think you still have one 
.4 or .5 Mfd. capacitor because the two .2's add up to .4. 
Reverse Red & Green if you get constant tone. 
22K 
100PIV/1 Amp 
— Diode 
Blast Damages Phone Lines 
By ADRIANNE THOMAS 
Denver Post Staff Writer 
‘An explosion under the west end of the 
W Colfax Avenue viaduct Monday night 
severed three main telephone cables, and 
caused minor damage to homes, busi- 
nesses and cars in the area, police re- 
ported. 
Detectives Fred Stevenson and Robert 
Weyand of the police bomb squad said 
the blast, at 8:50 p.m., was caused by a 
“high explosive—either plastic or dyna- 
mite” 
Stevenson said the U.S. Treasury De- 
partment’s Bureau of Alcobol, Tobacco 
and: Firearms was assisting local police 
in the investigation. 
Debris collected at the scene will be 
‘examined in the federal agency's labora- 
tories. 
Heaviest damage was to five Mountain 
Bell telephone cables that enter an under- 
‘ground conduit at the site of the blast. 
Jim Kercheville, Colorado public rela- 
tions manager for Mountain Bell, said 
toree of the lines were severed or torn 
up and the other two were “nicked."” 
‘The explosive apparently was placed di- 
rectly on the telephone cables, Kerche- 
ville said. He said he has no idea on pos- 
sible motives. 
RENEW 
Rollersmith lock 
MAKE 
A KEY FOR YOUR 
ROLLERSMITH LOCK 
One of our master craftspersons just built this beautiful 
rollersmith key and it works like a dream. Unlike the nail 
method in TAP 23, this key allows you to put the lock back 
on! (As well as take it off, of course). You'll need an ele- 
ctric grinding wheel and two 5/32" diameter nails _ that 
are at least 3" long. Since the hole on the lock is exactly 
made for a 6/32" rod, grind the nails down so that they'll 
slip into the hole when the top nail is slid back, but not wher. 
it's slid forward, as shown in the diagram. Bend the backs 
of the nails so that there's a 1/8" space between them yet 
they lie flat against each other along their length. It's easy 
to see that when you tilt the handle forward the tip of the 
key expands and grabs the moving cylinder in the lock. Now 
pull the key outwards while keeping the top of the handle 
tilted forward, and voilal off it comes. 
Drill the holes in the nails for the pivot screw and mount 
it in-between two pieces of wood for a handle. You can put 
a rubber band around them so they don't flop around when 
not in use, 
We smashed open a lock to find that it's built a little 
differently than we pictured in Issue 23, The spring is 
in the middle and there's no lip for a nail to grab. 
LOWERY = 
Spring? 4] 
Handle 
ult forward to grab Tock 
Tip expands 
2. ee 
Cag 
[ 
Drill holes’ 
#10 Common nails 
Cut off heads’ 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036 
IF YOUR ADDRESS HAS A 17 OR LESS NEXT TO IT,