PAY AND DIE? 4 
It fs often said that death and taxes are inevitable. 
repeat anything they hear. ‘Until now death has been neces- 
Sary because people insisted on breeding and we'd be standing 
You 
on each other's heads in no time if it weren't for death. 
know, of course, that it is not necessary to have children. 
You may NOT know that our technology is only a few years 
(100? 50? less?) away from eliminating death. Read The 
Immortalist by Harrington, The Second Genesis by Rosen- 
feld, Here Comes Immortality by Tuccille, and Heinlein's 
I Will Fear No Evil and Time enouah for love: the lives 
of 
Lazarus Long. (Borrow them FREE from your library) 
If you could live forever OR hay 
jldren, which would you 
choose? Have you had your for 
yet? 
As for taxes, many shrewd individuals are "Working 
Within the System" TO DESTROY IT! They claim that the 
16th Amendment is unconstitutional. Rene Baxter (4045 
East Palm Lane, Phoenix, AZ 85008) is one of the many 
knowledgeable advocates of tax refusal. Here's his plan. 
“According to Federal law, a dollar is a silver coin contain- 
ing 412 1/2 grains of standard silver" Did you receive 750 
or more dollars in income last year? Ofcourse not. All 
you got was "fiat dollars" - printing press money. Therefore 
fore file a W4E with your employer. It states that you are 
exempt from taxation. "... the IRS is 90®bluff. They 
have successfully violated our rights only because we al- 
lowed them to do so. Our fear is based on our own ignor- 
ance of our rights under the Constitution and under Federal 
law. The fact is, a very large number of people are suc- 
cessfully defying the IRS. They aren't being charged; they 
aren't being tried; and they aren't being convicted. Equally 
important, they aren't paying any taxes. The IRS admits 
that there are now over 5 million tax resistors in the US. 
Many are using dubious or illegal tax avoidance methods. 
A growing number, however, are basing their non-compli- 
ance on the Constitution and on Federal law. There is now 
overwhelming evidence that these methods are not only 
successful but completely legal. In fact, they are based on 
a strict observation of the law." 
BE SURE to cross out the "Under penalties of perjury..." 
statement at the end of the 1040. One of the Advisable 
Missions Force's informants, WITHIN THE IRS, says they 
are terrified of people who plead the Fifth and Fourth 
Amendments. You have Big Brother by the BALLS! So 
squeeze him like he's been squeezing youl 
Baxter's Tax Revolt is $2, He publishes a fortnightly 
economic newsletter (expensi.e) and "Freedom Today" 
(monthly, inexpensive) and sells several books, among 
them Tax Revolt:USA 
! by Martin Larson $5. The cover 
shows a 1040 being burned. Remember when burning draft 
cards was a popular activity? Has anyone been drafted 
lately? 
Don't ask for the info free because "you can't afford it", 
If you don't pay taxes, like those of us who collect welfare 
or unemployment insurance (which insures unemployment 
why work?) or have your income deposited directly in 
Zurich or elsewhere, you don't need the info. If you do pay 
taxes, you can certainly afford to learn how to STOP paying 
them! A popular recent saying is "Eat the Rich", Whether 
you choose to or not, stop feeding Big Brother with $. 
Mr. Phelps 
@Youth'Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976-Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE. Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits, and please send us a copy of reprinted 
work. Warning: We will prosecute violators. 
Human 
sheep repeat this platitude the same way parrots unthinkingly 
FEB=MAR 1976 
No. 33 
ODDS & ENDS 
by 
TOM EDISON 
‘There has been some new response to the TAP "I" shirt, 
So far people writing in want shirt #1. The choices are 
shown in the October 1973 issue #22. Keep those cards and 
letters coming in folks! 
‘There have also been some off-hook currents sent in by 
‘TAP readers. A chart listing all off-hook currents will be 
in next month's issue. Please continue to send in off-hook 
current values, 
We've had a number of letters from the New England area 
especially Mass. informing us of a large crash program to 
uncover illegal extension phones and answering devices. 
Shame on you---for getting caught! ! 1,1 wouldn't dream of 
telling you that if you put a SPST switch in series with each 
of your freebees and leave the switch in the off position 
there's no way 
in hell that Pa Bell can find out when they 
very sneakily "test" the line at 3 AM with a signal that's 
strong enough to register on their meter but not strong 
enough to ring your phone. Remember also that when you 
connect a phone answering device to your line it can be 
Getected So if you have.any friends who have an illegal 
phone answering device make sure that you don't tell them 
how to avoid detection by putting a SPST switch in series 
with the device and shutting off the legal phone when the 
answering device is in use so only one "phone" shows on the 
detection equipment. 
T've received two other off-hook currents - 275 ma.and 
9.1 ma, I don't know what the hell to make of these readings. 
One looks too high and the other too low! Phone resistance 
and the 48 volt DC battery at the local CO are pretty standard 
so there shouldn't be such a wide variety of values. Please 
recheck your milliammeter and note the on and off-hook 
line voltages. 
For you underground record freaks let me recommend 
Perfect Pitch, P.O. Box 136, Hallowell, Maine 04347, 
They have an extensive catalog of great underground and 
imported underground records by such artists as: Beatles, 
Stones, Dylan, Who, Dead, Zeppelin, Hendrix, Clapton, 
CSN&Y, Bowie, Deep Purple and many more. Senda 
self 
addressed stamped envelope for their free catalog. They 
offer fast service and the records come shrink wrapped 
with inner protection sleeves. Their catalog also rates the 
sound quality so you know in advance what to expect. Credit 
an Amherst, Mass. Yippie for the tip about Perfect Pitch. 
Thanks again Scott!
Here are the proposed never ending rate hikes from AT&T. 
Compare this with TAP's inflation fighting never increasing 
OOPS! 
ever constant rates. I think that it's very obvious who's 
offering the better service to the public - AT&T or TAPII! 
- 
by 
TOM EDISON 
TAP'S DIAL-DIRECT NEVER MORE THAN THREE 
It had to happen sooner or later! In my zeal to get my article 
laid out for the January issue the WRONG diagram was used 
MINUTES AT 
A TIME BLACK BOX RATES 
for Fig. 4. The schematic showed a DPST switch which is 
OF ee, 
mats 
Be 
incorrect, If this DPST switch is used the 105 volt AC 20 Hz 
ringing voltage will have a low resistance path through the 
0-100 
o¢ 
o¢ 
Box RC network and the diodes will effectively be across 
MILES 
the line at all times. This means that the circuit will auto- 
— 
mati 
““answer" your phone all the time! To correct this 
100-1, 000 
o¢ 
o¢ 
situation change the DPST switch to a DPDT switch and 
MILES 
connect as shown below: 
RING 
ANYWHERE 
o¢ 
| 
o¢ 
+o 
? 
0 * 
ADDITIONAL MINUTES ARE ALWAYS LESS 
RATES QUOTED INCLUDE TAX 
Atel 
ZENER=56 volt 5 watt 
HEP Z 2537 
- 
As an aid to you do-it-yourselfers let me offer to you the 
‘TOM EDISON HOME EXPERIMENTORS PHONE CHART : 
Phone 
DIODE 
= 100 volt @1 amp 
Line 
— 
FREE 
Feone 
vours] 
mal 
omms 
|rReq | me 
ON-HOOK 
48 
0 
|INFINITE | DC { - 
- 
OFF-HOOK | 8 
40 | 100-200 
- 
TIP 
” | RINGING 
105 
23 
- 
20 
| - 
Fig. 4 
R=10K OHM 
7 
_ 
7 
1/2 watt 
BUSY iG 
480+ 
60 IPM 
NORMAL czimfd @ 100 wvde 
}+—— 
BLACK BOX] 45 
14.5 | 10Kohm]| 
- 
- 
‘Terminals 3&4 are connected together as are 5&6 but there | RESISTOR 
is no connection between terminals 1&2. With the DPDT 
switch in the normal position the ringing voltage is across 
DIAL TONE} 
- 
- 
- 
350+ 
- 
the phone ringer and not across the "answering" diodes. 
[oo 
—_t 
4 
Cn'y when the switch is put in the "free" position are the 
diodes placed across the line to momentarily "answer" the 
phone for a few milliseconds. I cannot think of a more 
appropriate time to build this improved automatic Black Box: 
NOTICE 
TO TELEPHONE CUSTOMERS 
_: Weare planning changes 
in the rates for most out-of-state calls. 
The following examples illustrate the new Interstate Long Distance rates 
in three sample mileage bands: 
WE NEED INFO 
(CB Radio - Though it is a violation of FCC regulations, it 
is possible to add an encoder - decoder system: to existing 
CB radios and have a telephone in your car at no monthly 
charge. Besides, a CB rig costs around $200, far less than 
the FM or VHF equipment used by Motorola-Bell systems. 
It requires an automatic phone patch and sending touch-tone 
over the AM signal. We would like a design for such a sys- 
tem. 
Also: we would like plans for a suitable bi-linear amp- 
f 
Interstato Dia!-Diroct Ono-Minuto Rates 
Intersiste Oporstor-AssisiedThree-MinutoRstes | lifier for mobile CB radio (and home base) use to get thru 
‘Mileage 
Sisco | 
xwenton | Pomsrwresn | when things are crowded and marginal. 
wee 
.| cates |“eano™ |“Rewe" 
|| “text 
| arse | “stir” | alarm systems - or "How to unprotect Big Brother". Well, 
73.90 moe 
230 moe 
it 18 possible with your help, if you send in whatever info 
Cea ect 
me 
heed 
Snaps te 
bined 
hated 
you may have in the way of Schematics, operation, or 
429-025 mates 
431-925 mics 
0 
methods of circumventing from local to Grade AA Central 
(sesatrccnn | 
= 
= b= 
iad 
Office Alarms. ed and 
nopharma 
1011-9000 jus. 
yeit-2000 mien 
- Tried 
and 
PROVEN recipes for psycl 
- 
ee 
ee 
se 
ne 
ule Kegetos Cae 
an 
oe 
ceuticals. Info about memory drugs, e.g. Magnesium 
Geant 
eaneeasmeees. | Pemoline.
ASK Mr. PHELPS 
Send in your questions and he will try to answer them. If 
you send a deposit to his bank account in Zurich, he will 
make an all-out, maximum effort. 
Q. What are you going to do about those new supermarket 
labels? Is there some way to add some lines and lower 
the price? 
A, What makes you think we would do anything like that? 
All we do at TAP is distribute information and report the 
news, Like the NY Times. Sort of. Us cheat honest 
businessmen providing people with necessitities at com- 
petitive prices? No way]! But if someone rips me off, I 
rip right back! One chain has a new slogan which REALLY 
means: "We take PRIDE in charging the highest PRICE we 
can get away with", The Shadow said: "The weed of crime 
bears bitter fruit." Well, I think free food tastes GREAT! 
Remember that no matter how much you rip them off, 
you'll barely break even unless you buy wisely. Fully half 
~ hell, probably 3/4 - of the stuff in markets is a total 
ripoff. Cigarettes; soda and sugared, flavored, canned 
water; breakfast cereals (with a few exceptions); white bread; 
sterilized cream; and medicinals are all shit! One breakfast 
cereal executive once said: "If they'd buy it, we'd sell them 
packaged shit," That's ok, if it's properly labeled, but when 
they call it "food", that's FRAUD, and the perpetrators 
should be liquidated. As for "medicinals": first they sell 
you the shit, then they sell you more shit for when your 
stomach and guts rebel, then more shit so you can get rid of 
it, then more shit to straighten out your head, and finally 
more shit to keep you from smelling like shit, which you 
wouldn't if you ate right. 
‘Do you know what unit pricing is, and how to calculate 
the price per ounce when the u.p. label is, as usual, missing 
or obsolete? If not, you'll often get ripped off. You'll buy 
"large economy sizes" which are no bargain at alll So 
bring along your pocket calculator, if you're too lazy to do 
the math in your head. 
In some states, there is STILL no law preventing mar- 
kets from increasing prices of items already on the shelves. 
In some states, the sheep are even charged SALES TAX on 
food. They just shrug. Get rid of politicians (preferably 
with the ballot, not the bullet) who don't represent you. The 
Libertarian Party is probably your best alternative. 
‘The label is known as the Universal Product Code. An 
excellent article appeared in Barron's, May 13, 1974. Many 
market are hesitating, wondering if the "benefits" are worth 
the system's $200,000 cost. Department store owners are 
waiting for Optical Character Recognition systems. IBM's 
requires that price tags be printed in magnetic ink. (NOW 
do you see the reason for our DA info request?) Supermar- 
kets would like to avoid marking the prices on everything so 
they can REALLY rip you off. Legislators are working on 
bills to require prices on everything. Let them hear from 
you! UPC is now being tested in Fairport, NY, where 
customers said checking out is NOT quicker or easier. It's 
just another gimmick, but one you can profit from. 
' 
. 
° 
C) 
| 
1S600°001 
: 
1 
Can you tell the difference? Neither can the cashier, 
But the computer can, and we all know that computers 
never make mistakes, right? (The label on the left is off 
@ 14¢ item, the one on the right is off a $1. 69 item) 
It has been said that every revolutionary should own or 
have access to printing equipment, or know a friendly 
printer (the more you pay him, the friendlier he'll be) 
"In every coup d'etat, there comes a moment when 
success or failure depends on whether or not an appro- 
priate set of rubber stamps is available." 
‘The Coming Dark Age, by Roberto Vacca 
"A printing press is worth more than 1000 rifles" 
Kim 1 Sung 
It would be illegal to neatly apply new gummed or self- 
sticking UPC labeis on top of the originals. -And most 
unwise to try sticking them on frozen packages, slippery 
plastic containers, or over colored labels. And it won't 
look right if you buy a cartful of food and the total 
is $3. 71, 
will it? You'll get an itemized bill so you can't use just 
one label several times. How would it look, a receipt for 
10 packages of 14¢ salt, when you've got only delicacies like 
smoked oysters and caviar in your cart? You would need 
an assortment of labels. 
BOOK OF THE MONTH 
The Big Brother Game by Scott French $7.95 from Gru 
Publishing, Box 6820, San Francisco, CA 94101 
A most entertaining and informative book about suz-.uil- 
lance, surreptitious entry, and countermeasures. Even 
1 learned a great deal. Probably the most comprehensive, 
readily available of its type. Included are many pages from 
manufacturers’ catalogs, -and schematics for those who 
wish to make their own low cost equipment. The chapter 
on locksmithing itself is worth many times the price of the 
entire book. Techniques are described in the author's 
inimitable style. ‘Get this book before it is outlawed! Ina 
volume containing as much material as this one does, a 
few minor errors and omissions are inevitable. Your 
mission is to find them. 
‘The End 
of TAP? 
It COULD happen - ifS- 1 passes. Yeah, I know - 
"What's S- 1?" You will get all the details if it does 
pass. It is known in some circles as "Instant 1984". 
Check it out and let your "duly elected representatives" 
(bah) hear how you feel about it. 
Must Mean-Pony Express 
Washington, Feh. 17 (APD 
Although" mail “rervice ts 
‘yproving, the Vestal Servier 
Full does ‘not prexide os good 
‘rvice an the old Pest Off 
re 
Hrevartment once 
did, 
the 
Honeral 
Accounting, 
Office 
postal reormanication — tn 
terms of timeliness of delivery 
and other services provided by 
the Postal’ Sercice,” the com 
srersional auditing agency 
aid, 
‘The GAO sald that a si 
nt cause of delays 
malsdireeted by, 
- letter 
sorting machines, + 
Fervice today tem 
ta 
ene totore 
Dresses Up His Decision 
Mount Clemens, 
Mich. 
Jan, 
fail, 
District Court Jodce 
TAP) — 
who 
Harry Burkert doferrel juin. 
guilty 
io 
ment ontil next January, 
‘hristmas carols in. 
arfered 
“Gili anda 
iNe_cunxinvom 
—Ghvtstnas to do cavlie 
“asda the_quaximom 
Christmas 
, 
penalty Gf-$100 or 0 tine in 
thistle in proper aires 
Back 
are 50¢ each, 40¢ each 
if you order 
a full 
Set (numbers 1 - 32) See previous issues for list of 
feature articles. 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US 
First Class in plain sealed envelope $6. 
Canada stapled $4 
Foreign 
$7. 
IMPORTANT: 
Include mailing label or xerox copy when writing to TAP 
about your subscription. 
Books - Steal This Book $2.25 Monopoly $1.20 
Courses - 50¢ each A-Basic Electricity B- A.C, 
C - Basic Phone Operation D - Amplifiers 
Send Only check or money order (NO CASH) to 
TAP, 152 W 42 Street, Room 504, New York 10036 
This is a mail drop only. 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York 10001 
Hours: Wednesday, 4-7pm.
PAY ATTENTION! 
WHEN WRITING TAP, WRITE LEGIBLY! Or print! Best 
ofall, TYPE! Don't be like the idiot who scrawls on a piece 
of toilet paper in magic marker or crayon and then wonders 
why his address label is'misspelled. ALWAYS include old 
address when sending in a change. Bulk rate subscriptions 
MUST include Zip Code. Subscriptions start with the next 
issue we publish, whenever that is. No exceptions! Sub- 
scriptions are pro-rated if you didn't know about the new 
rate and sent in the old amount, 
‘Try to keep each item you Send in on a different sheet or 
index card. Subscriptions, back issue orders, DA info and 
requests, MEAT, etc. all are processed separately. Be 
‘sure to tell us what 
you want - not like the guy who sent in 
a check with nothing else - no address, nothing! We had to 
waste time and postage sending the check back to his bank. 
His reply: I thought you'd have my address in your subscrip- 
tion file." Well, sure, but do you think we're going to waste 
time looking for it? You think it's posted on the wall so 
everyone can see it? And how do we know you want 
a renew- 
al? Maybe you want back issues and forgot to include the 
order sheet. Would you send an orfier to Sears, Roebuck 
and expect them to know what you want? | 
Be patient! We may be temporarily out of an issue and 
are getting it reprinted, After two (2) months, send us a 
photocopy of yor canceled check and tell’ us what you didn't 
get. 
Keep each DA topic on a SEPARATE sheet, one side only, 
preferably typed. Remember, it may be getting photocopied. 
Use black or dark ink. For lengthy articles, use 81/2x ll, 
single spaced. Include source and date of articles. It usual- 
ly isn't necessary to ask: Do you need info about -----' 2 
Just send it in, unless it is bulky (bigh postage) or requires 
extensive and expensive photocopying. Don't put your name 
and address on anything that could get you in trouble. Init- 
ials or code name are ok, We have finally gotten the photo- 
copier working and are sending out DA info. If you sent in 
something and haven't gotten anything back, tell us (again) 
exactly what you sent and what you want. In some categories 
we have practically nothing because nobody sent in anything. 
In some cases the info is a 200 page book and we can't afford 
to copy the whole thing. Or afford to mail it - copy paper is 
heavy! We'll work something out with you, Be patient. 
If you've written to MEAT and haven't heard from anyone, 
it's because we haven't heard from anyone else inyour area. 
We have noticed there are a lot of people in the same towns, 
so if you want to meet others, let us know. There IS some 
risk - we might unknowingly introduce you to an undércover, 
agent. But you run that risk every time you buy a nickel 
bag from a new dealer. 
Postage rates are getting so high that it hardly pays you 
to order and us to ship only one item, but we will continue 
todo so at Al Bell's insistence. Books are sent separately 
from back issues at lower cost "Book Rate", 
Some people have expressed concern about our security. 
Our mailing list is as safe as possible, What are you 
worried about anyway? You're probably already on a half 
dozen of Big Brother's other shit lists] All:incoming mail 
is shredded after processing (occasionally, it may get 
shredded without processing). Someone asked: "Do you 
think Pa Bell has a subscription under an alias?" We assume 
he does, but we've infiltrated him far deeper than he's infil- 
trated us. 
Courses E & F and Head Crash (computers) will be finish- 
ed someday. Ifyou ordered them, we probably have your 
name and address and will send when available, Ifyou 
haven't gotten something else you ordered, it might be your 
fault. Make sure we have your current address or give the 
Postal Monopoly your change of address (unless you don't 
want bills forwarded). Our outgoing first class mail has no 
return address and we have never gotten anything back from 
the Dead Letter.Office. If something is our fault, we'll 
correct it, but if it's your fault, TOUGH] Occasionally, some 
masochist sends cash which never arrives. When he com- 
plains, we have to waste time and postage telling him TOUGH! 
Or some smartass says "There's no way anybody could steal 
this money? and doesn't include any, so we'll think it was 
stolen. TOUGH] 
It so happens that we are all males here, and it seems 
that most readers are, but some people don't like the sexist 
greeting "Dear Sirs" or "Gentlemen". Personally, I prefer 
"Dear People", 
: 
Regarding a convention: I think we have one here every 
Wednesday. If you want a fancy one in a big hotel, TANSTAAFL 
(There ain't no such thing as a free lunch} It will cost MONEY! 
Tam not at all enthusiastic about reducing our treasury for 
this purpose. If readers want to contribute enough... HEY, 
where did everybody go? 
We try to answer all questions (unless they are rhetorical) 
even if the answer is "We don't know", but a self-addressed, 
stamped envelope (put the stamp at least 1" lower and you 
may be able to recycle it) will speed up the reply. Then we 
don't put your letter in the "Answer if we ever get a chance" 
pile. Ifyou didn't get an answer, write again; it may have 
gotten lost in the shuffle. 
Remember, we are doing the best we can. This is a labor 
of love (and hate) and we're not making any money on it. If 
you can do better, come on in, 
Mr. Phelps 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to- 
N.J. Bell sued 
over fire-call delay 
HACKENSACK (AP) ~ A couple 
has filed suit 
New Jersey 
Bell 
‘Telephone with failing to put them 
‘through to the fire department 
when their 33 
School phones used improperly 
NEW yong tap) sfine: 
‘month sam; 
long.di- 
(ance telephone calls made 
from ‘the cliy's schools to 
places such as Prance, 
Switzerland, Arg 
‘were persona 
and oot oltictal, 
From The News Tribune 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W,42 ST., NY10036 
BULK RATE 
U.S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
coated a.