Classified 
<A 
‘The TAP Class: 
year, January 
to our readers, Deadline for all a: 
publication date, All ads 
The cost per ad per issue 
to preserve y 
anonymity, TAP Box numbers are available w 
$4 per ad per issue. This extra c 
HEAD NATIONAL ENTERPRISES 
you the replies to your ad, Paymer 
P.O. BOX 60266 
Address all ad 
requests to: TAP, Room 
3 
New York, NY 
do5s8 
Chicago, IL 60660 
MAGIC MUSHROOM GROWTH 
UNITST Preinoculated, 
Nothing More To Do. 
RESULTS In 4 To 6 Weeks, 
$35/6. 
NO. 5 65/66 - 1981 
CONSUMERTRONICS 
CO. PRESENTS: — 20” “rescent Dr. 
P.O. Box 475 
Alamogordo, NM 88310 
Past 
issues (or pa 
pootocoptes) of 7 
INFORMATION UWI 
“ITED plans for 
en 
rereereer 
st ee 
YOU CANT SURVIVE WITHOUT BEING A REBEL! 
WHATEVER Ger CUR eae HaME | SHANDES, 
6-01 
sonthly 
neveletter 
‘8 
are! 
Publications 
i 
ie 
sree 
8 
that champion the‘righte Sf Provica 
of Paons 
and Speech ace oc aanioea 
aa lar set 
tana 
GOODIES. ALSO LAW ENFORCEMENT TYPE 
ase! But only a few of th 
11 
publish a really controversial news item, editorial or ad. 
1.D. CARDS [23 DIFFERENT KINDS] 
Hots are controiad ya elieo of fat, dis and apy palloess anu titre in caonte with 
BADGES & ACCESSORIES, LIST $1:00 
Press 
and Spee: 
(REFUNDABLE WITH PURCHASE). C.W.L. 
‘(TRY TO USE THEM VITHOU? THE PERMISSION OF RICH AND POWERFUL BIG-SHOTS: 
BOX 3230, PASADENA, CA 
91103 
Finally, a forum is here ao that YOU can read ant contribute to nave teas, editorials 
RR 
A Nae: 
and ade that to novepaper vould dare touch!” The traditional press 
won't ei the’ truth on 
fseuee of 
2ife and doath ixportance to YOU and 
your lovel ones. 
Ho aatter hov consrover~ 
: 
; 
" 
‘Sal, sbeudyoffenaive, eoundalcen or tsczne our Pleveaay er any aot bate ones ae 
SeRV 
VE 
ucange new catalog is now available. Includes 
Min pobliah’then wexbatis 
Socauee EVERYOHD EAs) S55 RIGHT 10 PAEGENT BIS/mn TORPODTO!T 
survival/weaponry books, conversion plans, automatic 
. 
conversion parts, knives, night vision device 
pl 
The oontentaccf 
REMEL nay 
shock, outrage 
or delight you - but you won't gvt bored 
or 
be 
. 
e plans, and 
sislguined ty parsbes ae ertoree be Sine ee ae dense aed eae 
much more. Catalog $1.00 (refundable). 
ty Conmmevtronice eustonars over the years, 
Dut ve aze alvays actively seeking very foot 
CDS, Box 3897-T, Daytona Beach, Florida 32018 
ee er ners a oe 
0 [CONFIDENTIAL™|" 
‘that vill inform and provide murvival advantages to cur subscribers.” The inside dope on ofl 
LOS ANGELES MAILING ADDRESS 
company, utility company, 
the phone company, big-businees and Goverment scandals and rip-offe 
fare ost volconed, ae voll as Little nova inforsation on what people are doing to survive 
during thie very crucial tine ~ ME ARE ON THE BRD OF \ MAJOR EEPRESSTON AND ARO RESELLION 
Subsoription to ater is $9/year (USA, PR, YE, Guan, Canada & Noxicos $15 eleexhere) for 
12 senuss sent Jet. Class in Consusertronice C2. envelopes. ONE YEAR OP REBtL 15" ABSOLUTELY 
FREE FOR ALL CONSIMIRTRONICS PUICHASES OF $60 Of MORE. Subscrite within the 
next 30 daye and 
get your FREE oopy of RIP-OFF! (See belov). Complete the COUPOH below (clearly print or type 
er use address lubel or stazp). Enoloee 
COUPON with full paysent in the enclosed Consusertron= 
dee return envelope (along with your other 
purchases). If payment 1a nade in check or MD, 
‘make payable to CONSUMERTRONICS (WOT to man 1). No foreign currenay. Allow aix weeks for 
the arrival of your first issue and your PERE copy of RIP-O¥P! ($2.95 value). 
ide 
RIP—OFF! 
‘Sone poms 
COUPON 
MY §9 IS ENCLOSED FOR ONE 
j—_—conmunertzonion Co. haa catalogued every maJor 
Hip-oft achese (over tvo 
nome 
fultinatfonal of!” sompand 
‘st the phone 10% OFF TO TAP SUBSCRIBERS! 
Sempany are using to STEAL FROM YOUI-EVEN 10 TOTAL 
IESTROY YOUR LIME! These inolude the Synthetic Pual 
U.8, Troamay Raid, Fuel Adjustoent, Delay Chaing, 
Masi and Goumunist Payette, Service Charge, Poon? 
Metering, ate., eto. Custoaer quoter "Our foal 
en 
President lives in a tent in Pereiat® 
omer gia 
Please send to the name and 
address below? 
inental Zpectator 
IN OUR 171h SWINGING YEAR 
Only $2.95. Racor on bottos of DISCOUR COUPON 
(P.2 of brochure). Pree with tiuely REBEL mubscription. 
INFORMATION WANTED: Need copies of plans and schematics 
from the following companies.SOLASER, SCIENTIFIC SYSTEMS, 
DON BRITTON ENTERPRISES, INFORMATION UNLIMITED, will 
pay reasonable price, send list and price to. 
ss0+ Nationwide listings = mony with addres & 
hone number 
++ Sexy covples, prety gil, gay & bi malas 
who wont to meet YOU 
PLUS bwinging eric 
‘ment, places Yo meet swingers and MORE 
GEORGE THEODORE 
P.O, BOX 48 
ELMHURST, IL 60126 
Foro copy ofthe latest inne moiled Ist cas, send 
$6.00 fo: CONTINENTAL SPECTATOR, Room €23, 
Dept. 
T, New York, NY 10096, 
Plaote state your ope. 
Also would like to meet some fellow TAP phreaks in the chicago 
area for idea's, 
and exchange information. 
INFORMATION WANTED 
1, Blue prints, engineering 
drawings, o 
t 
grand tr:dition of Robin Hood and Han Solo, 
S6H Model 39 frees 
‘RES, 
OF exact ¢ 
Libertarian activist and would be hevo in the 
ci fications for 
male, 18, is seeking a young female who agrees 
2. 
Use of collodion 
(photographic suppl; 
for 
king 
fir 
. 
that"doing what is right" isn't alweys "doing 
is 
aie 
oe 
acai 
a iia 
whet is legal", and that a hero should be able 
3. Use of calendar watch 
as timing device. 
to collect a little wealth along the way as 
4. 
Improvised poison, toxic gas, or biological weapons (other than 
compensation for his services, end to fund his 
Poor Man's James Bond), 
exploits. 
(ihere would Batman be if Bruce 
5. 
Copies of Assassin and Urban Guerrilla magazines. 
Wayne pumped gas for min. wage?) 
‘FOR SALE 
writer John Sullivan 
Rt. 1, box 310 
Forest, VA 
24551 
Two sets of three Woodstock tickets (one for each day of event): 
unused; consecutive serial numbers, 
Reply to Box D, C/O TAP
Abbie Hoffman faces a mandatory 15 years to life sentence for a seven 
year old cocain€ charge. 
You can help Abbie. 
We ask that letters or 
telegrams be sent to Gov. Huyh Cerey urging him to drop the charges. 
Also letters to the editor of your local paper helps, as well as phoning 
in radio talk shows. 
liere are 2 few reasons why we believe Abbie should 
be free. 
1. For. twenty years Abbie has been in the forefront of the struggle 
for justice. 
In the early '60's he was in the south fighting 
for Civil Rights, then the long years against the Viet Nam War, 
in the past three years as an enviromentalist preserving one of 
New York State's great rivers - the St. Lawrence. 
2. Sen. Moynihan at a Senate Hearing in 1979 said of him, everyone 
in New York State owes Barry Freed (Abbie Hoffman) a debt of 
gratitude for his organizing ability. 
3. During the last battle, Abbie (Barry Freed) was praised by Gov. 
Carey for his work in saving the river. "I want to thank you for 
your leadership in this important issue ana for your sense of 
public spirit". 
4. Since the early seventies the difference between cocaine and 
other drugs such as heroin, has been widely recognized. Penalties 
today are way out of line. 
5. Abbie is a literary writer of merit. He has published six books 
and 70 articles in various publications. 
6. Abbie has been subjected to undo harassment from many gover: 
agencies. 
There are 24,000 pages alone on Abbie in the FBI files, 
detailing illegal surveillance and harassment. And the FBI was 
oniy one of five agencies used by Nixon against him. 
7. The seven years Abbie has been underground, cut off from family 
and friends, have been an intense emotional strain. 
8. We believe Abbie has made and can make a contribution to our 
society. 
Nothing 
will be gained by putting him in prison for years. 
9. If there is any sentence, let it be one that utilizes his abilities 
as a community orgenizer to benefit the City of New York. 
For 
example to organize funds and support for a massive anti-hero 
program. 
The above reasons are 
just a few that have been made. 
They should be 
only as 
a guide; Tt is much better in your own language and feelings. 
your fricnds to write letters. 
Time is of the essence. 
Letters should be sent to: 
Gov. Hugh L. Carey 
Executive Chamber 
Lbany, New Yor! 
32228 
Thank You 
Abbie Hoffman I 
44 ¢ 
Now York, 
(212) 673-7669 
ense Fund 
enue 16011 
‘The next edition of TAP, dated May - June 1981, will be the 10th anniversary issue. 
It will be a color double issue. To help commemorate this occasion, TAP is planning 
to publish a book entitled "The Best of TAP". It will contain the best articles that we've 
printed over the last 10 years. In addition, it will have a complete index to all past TAP 
issues, a history of TAP, an index to our D,A. files, never before published articles, 
and hopefully, an introduction by Abbie Hoffman, TAP"s co-founder. Availability of the 
book will be announced in the next issue of TAP. To help finance this project, TAP is 
running an auction, I recently found the original paste up of TAP #1 put together by 
Al Bell and Abbie Hoffman, I also found a copy of "Steal This Book" that was donated 
to TAP by Abbie.° I will try to get these two items autographed by Abbie. Bids for 
these two items will be excepted until June 1st, 1981. High bidder will be notified by 
mail. Please support this project. Make us an offer we can't refusel 
AP's last convention was a complete success, so much so that TAP is now back to 
bi-monthly publication. For the many readers who could not attend, a special WATS-80 
report by Richard A, Kuehn, president of RAK Associates in Cleveland, Ohio, which 
originally appeared in the November-December 1980 issue of Business Communications 
Review is reprinted below. 
Phreaking Out 
It started with a plain, brown, unmarked 
envelope that announced a convention of Phone 
Phreaks.”” It was sent to me by a member of TAP 
(Technological Assistance Party). The convention 
was to be in Washington D.C. sponsored by WATS 
(Washington Area Telephone Society). The contact, 
if | was interested in coming, was either an answering 
service or mail drop in New York. With an invitation 
like that I could not resist going. 
So on one of the hottest Saturdays imaginable in 
Washington, I appeared 
at the designated place to 
register for the ‘‘convention.”” It was a most unusual 
registration. In fact, it is the only convention I have 
ever attended where I was offered a black mask to 
protect myself from “FBI, CIA, and Bell Security. 
I might 
also note that I was one of the few, if not the 
only, individual dressed in a suit and tie. Once inside 
and vouched for by someone who knew me as a BCR 
columnist, I met many of the regulars: 
“The 
Cheshire Catalyst,”’ Tom Edison,” “Captain Zap” 
and “The Wizzard.” 
Phone Phreaking is, of course, nothing more 
than a theft of service. For years I have heard of 
devices such as the “Blue Box"’ (permitting a free 
phone call from any telephone), the '*Red Box"? (us- 
fd to duplicate the sound of coins being deposited in 
pay phones), the "Cheese Box"* (used to create con- 
ference calls), and the ‘*Black Box"? (used to prevent 
network supervision on incoming calls and, 
therefore, make them free). 
These devices were of in- 
terest to me because of the 
sreased use of remote 
system access and remote maintenance dial-in to 
PBXs. I was interested in assessing the vulnerability 
of these systems to the Phreaks’ ‘‘experimentation."* 
While at the conference, I purchased the total 
complement of back issues of their newsletter TAP. 
While I can say that the editorial content is 
sometimes poor, sometimes vulgar, most certainly 
anti-establishment and occasionally inaccurate, 1 
‘could never accuse it of being uninteresting. Topics 
include phone phreaking, erasing cancellations and 
reusing postage stamps, stealing electricity, gas, 
water and cable TV, and using Silly Putty to copy 
printed material (must be read in a mirror). 
Listening to conversations about “‘hacking"’ 
(ex- 
perimentation with telephone and computer net- 
works), I found that the “hobbyists” satisfaction 
seems to come from “beating the system’” starting 
numbers in it) to find those numbers answering with 
tones; then experimenting to discover what the 
numbers reach; and through months of experimenta- 
tion, being able to place a call around the world free 
(called tandeming). The use of DISA and remote 
maintenance access lines to telephone systems seems 
mundane in that light. After all, only a four digit bar- 
rier code must be ‘‘cracked.”” Rather, these Phreaks 
interested in accessing the U.S. Air 
Force’s White 
Alice network in Alaska and then plac- 
ing calls throughout the world, These calls not only 
move through supposedly secure networks, but also 
access “secure” computer systems. The Phreaks 
seem legitmately concerned that, if they can do this 
as “hobbyists,” unfriendly sources have the same 
capability 
There is also 
a younger group of members, not 
nearly as sophisticated, who seem more intent on 
“calling a loved one far away"” at someone else's ex- 
pense. Their favorite target seems to be the specializ- 
ed common carriers. For example, one of the hottest 
items at the convention was a list of Southern Pacific 
Sprint access numbers. 
In spite of the fact that the Phreaks’ targets 
generally do not include PBX accesses, I 
think steps 
are needed to better protect these systems. One step is 
to change the way access numbers are assigned. It is 
typical practice in an installation to order all trunks 
in a single number group. Unfortunately, this per- 
mits the Phreak to progress through a series of 
numbers, sequentially after the listed directory 
number and ultimately reach the remote system ac- 
cess lines. Upon hearing a tone, he obviously knows 
‘what he has reached in what organization. Therefore, 
1 am now ordering the remote access lines from a 
separate number group (and if possible, a different 
central office). While this does not eliminate the 
problem, it does make it more difficult for the un- 
wanted caller to know what he has reached. 
The convention was fascinating. While the theft 
of service should not be condoned, I can appreciate 
the “hobbyist” aspects. And as someone at th 
vention said, by inviting the press for the 
perhaps the danger posed by the vulnerability of so- 
called ‘secure’ networks will be addressed. I hope 
0.