as <i 
— 
_— 
— 
— 
-_ 
= 
Liv. ™~ 
BETTER 
WITH FREE 
GAS ammo 
AT&T Chairman John deButts said 1973 was "a good 
year for our business. We are now setting our sights for 
1974 with a view to making it even better." Their $800 mil- 
lon net income was a piddling 24% above 1972's. Passing 
along an increase of 23% to shareholders leaves $6.3 mil- 
Mion unaccounted for, eh John?...deButts also blasted 
“interconnect companies who sell private phone systems to 
businesses, saying that the FCC should stop them before 
they totally ruin all phone service. Meanwhile, Bell Labs 
has developed a new improved key telephone due to compet- 
ition from interconnect companies. .. The Dlinois Supreme 
Court ordered Illinois Bell to stop using customer's money 
for lobbying, executive's club dues, charity contributions 
and other expenses. ..General Telephone appears to be 
shaping up as a mouse with an elephant's appetite; from an 
ad for their new CAMA billing system by Automatic 
Electric, "Timing is precise to one second; your customer 
gets no free time due to inaccuracy", And an ad for their 
new single-slot phone, "Simple strapping changes revise 
locail initial calling rates all the way up to 35¢, in 5-cent 
increments. 
It's an easy field adjustment that only takes 
about ten minutes. There's nothing extra to buy. Nothing 
2% install, "They're handing out leatlew 
at schools showing a guy in jail for mak- 
ing free calls, and they say, "We know 
most people are honest. But a few think it's clever to cheat 
and steal... that the phone company won't miss a few bucks, 
That's why we're telling it like it is. Thanks to modern 
electronics, it's easier than ever to catch people who try 
to rip us off. And when we catch them, it can be a real bad 
trip. "TAP responds, "We know most people are honest. 
But 
a few think it's clever to cheat and steal. .. that the 
public won't miss a few billion bucks. That's why we're 
throwing in a few hip phrases totally out of context. Thanks 
to modern printing presses, it's easier than ever to expose 
corporations who try to rip us off. And when we expose 
them it really can be a trip". Two GTE former district 
managers charged that GTE fixed their books for the last 
10 years and the Kentucky Public Service Commission has 
concluded that it's "likely". They can't tell for sure be- 
cause there's only one source of the "real" books- GTE! 
‘The originals have nrobably been erased 5 times by now. 
DEAR TAP, 
I recently complained that my mail had been opened and 
Tesealed. I thought this was the phone co. or the post 
office. Well it's not, my own parents were opening my 
mail. They told me they respected my privacy and would 
never do such a thing, well now I would like to warn 
anyone who has had their mail opened that it might not 
be Bell but your own flesh and blood! who said blood 
was thicker than water? 
I found some good literature you may be into- A mag 
called Moneysworth. It tells how to ge. many things 
wholesale and cheap. (Strictly legit). 5 bucks a year, 
write Moneysworth, 251 W. 57 St., N.Y.,N.Y¥. 10019. 
I'm sure some readers have tie old problem of find- 
ing other phreaks and if you think you know one you 
just can't go up to them and say it, so some phreaks 
here have found a 
t solution. When you say goodbye 
on the plione say 
ba. This is the word bye but as if you 
hung up too fast, not completing the word. Try it. 
~CALIFORNIA- 
JAN.-FEB.1974 
NO.25 
tap is no longer Technological American Party. TAP 
is TAP. We are not a political party. We do not advocate 
anything, as an ‘organization. All opinions are those of 
individual readers and staffpersons, and you may agree 
with them or not. There is, however, one policy of TAP; 
TAP wil} print technical information that is otherwise 
Unavailable or unclear. Information which could be of 
help to the most readers is printed first. Information 
which is illegal.and devoid of informational purpose 
doesn!t 
make it, and an ‘example might be a printed 
cirenit board or a parts list. 
TAP will soon publish information on lockpicking. As 
usual, this is technical material that is hard to learn 
elsewhere and is valuable for many readers. And it can 
be used to rip off ordinary people, so we have been 
asked not to print it. Not one person who ever wrote in 
TAP wants to see individuals hurt with TAP information. 
Most would like to see corporations get it bad. So, we 
emphasize our opinions frequently as to where the energy 
should be aimed. If there are people reading TAP who do 
use their talents to hurt others, they probably don't 
need TAP to do it. If publishing lockpicking or anything 
else encourages people to turn on each other, we would - 
not apologize. We would condemn society and hope that 
such people could be lovingly taught to respect others. 
Here is the recommended procedure for writing to TAP: 
Don't send cash, don't send coins, send a Postal Money 
Order, Save receipt but don't put your name on money or- 
der. Then it can't be traced like a regular check. 
-Use enough postage, don't send postcards, scotch tape 
all seams on your envelope, and leave off your real name 
and return address. 
If nossible, drop off the letter at our mailing address, 
Dear TAP, 
People might check out Wn. Powell's The Anarchist Cook- 
book which is published by Lyle Stuart, Inc.,239 
Park 
Wve, NYC 10003 ($5.95).Topics on drugs,electronics & 
surveillance,explosives, booby traps and guns. Some 
of it is too simplisticly explained, but it serves as 
4@ point of departure for the creative. A better section 
on weapons is Beat the Heat($2.45, Berkeley Int'l Lib. 
School, Ramparts 
ss, 
SF,Ca.) The firearms chapter 
substantially reprints "Firearms and Self-Defense" 
(1969) by the Int'l Liberation School & Red Mountain 
Tribe,which had been distributed by Juché and the White 
Panthers. 
The most elegant syntheses & explanations of effects 
of drugs ean be found in the Journal of the American 
Chemical Society. Most university libraries have it. 
If you know.German, check out Beilstein in a chemistry 
library. For’ example, one can obtain purer and better 
THC(Tetrahydrocannabinol) in the optically active form 
by synthesis than by extraction(eg, from grass,hash, 
ete.) .If you've got business letterhead stationery or 
science dept. connections with a university you can 
buy most necessary reagents directly from chemical sup- 
ply companies. 
An addendum to your note on page 1, Issue 24 is 
that anyone who is being prosecuted who feels that a 
possibility exists of illegal government activities 
in obtaining evidence (ie, without a court order) like 
opening mail or tapping lines should his/her attorney 
make a motion for disclosure of this and ask court for 
all logs of conversations and copies of letters, etc. 
Experience is that the government would rather dismise 
a case than have it ‘widely circulated through the media 
that it was engaging in illegal surveillance. 
“MASSACHUSETTS 
- 
@©Youth Hot Line Reports, inc. 1974
. 
THE METHANE GAME 
As part of its continuing coverage of the energy 
erisis, TAP presents Part 2- Free Gas. In most places, 
the local power company also supplies the gas, thus 
they strangle people with two hands. As usual, we do not 
advocate following the simple money-saving techniques 
outlined here, as they are reproduced for informational 
purposes and to follow them would be illegal, though 
extremely difficult to be caught doing. Manyjof the tips 
are valid for electric meters, too, so keep that in mind. 
Most common gas meters today work on the bellows 
principle,i.e.- a gas bag, usually made of leather, is 
forced to"breathe" like a lung when gas flows through 
it. A metal rod connected to the bag pushes the wheels 
which turn the dials of the meter, which displays the 
amount of cubic feet of gas which has passed through 
the meter. This meter is common for houses and apart- 
ments because it is accurate with small flows, such as 
in pilot lights in stoves and heaters. Since pilot 
lights use up 1/3 of the average gas bill, the power 
company wants to be sure to get it registered properly. 
To be a Gas Raider one must follow these important 
rules:First, before doing anything, write down the cond- 
ditions that you're starting with’ and the situation that 
you will end up with. Second,do not allow the power co. 
to become suspicious. Finally, and most importa’ , use 
aii safety precautions, bar none! A careless Ra 2r is 
a dead Raider! 
The first step is to make notes on the before and 
after situations. This is important because even seas- 
oned professional Raiders can easily forget where a par~ 
ticular screw came from, or whether the washers were 
under the frame or over the frame, etc. And by knowing 
in advance what changes you're going to make, it will 
be easier to see what notes you'll have to make on the 
"before" situation. Some things you'll have to watch 
are in the next step, below. 
Second, you must keep a grip on your security by not 
leaving tell-tale signs. Here's how: 
1- Don't cut down your gas bill to nothing overnight. 
The power company knows how much you use and if the 
computer notices a sharp dip in your bills they'll ask 
you why. Saying that you've been on vacation helps, but 
t's best to cut down gradually. Remember, greed is the 
power company's downfall. Don't let it be yours. 
2- Check old bills and use them as a guide. Figure out 
your usage in cubic feet and you'll know how mich to 
cut down your reading by. The bills also tell the date 
that the meter reader comes by, another good thing to 
know. 
3- Some meters are clean, but most are filthy. The face 
of the dials are usually unsmudged. Write down the ap- 
pearance of vour meter before you touch it, and make 
sure it looks exactly the same when you're done. This 
is 
absolutely imperative. If you're lazy, plan on get- 
SPeneGas Raaing 
aught. 
Gas 
mg is a precision art, requiring 
patience and finesse. 
4- Use proper tools. Without a big enough pipe wrench 
you may scratch the pipe and/or the bolts enough to be 
noticeable. 
5- Seals are often used on meters. You may be able to 
use a technique that doesn't require breaking the seal. 
You may be able to break the seal and put it back look- 
ing uncut, but it's not too easy. You can often get a 
‘seal and a sealing tool from a friend in the company, 
from a friendly employee who needs a few bucks, or by 
getting a job yourself for a month and ripping off a 
few hundred thousand. Sometimes meters are bolted on, 
and the threads on the bolts or nuts have a sealer-type 
glue. Get a bit of the stuff and be sure it looks the 
same when applied (and dried). If you have to break 4 
seal that you can't replace, wait at least 8 months 
before touching the meter again, because they may be 
suspicious and waiting. Waiting is also important to 
see if they put a new 
il on. If they don't, then they 
just don't care and you're in business again. 
REVERSING METER 
This is the easiest metnoa of rewinding your meter. 
First, turn off the valve that supplies gas to the 
meter. When the power co. cuts you off, it uses this 
17s A GAS! 
valve to do so. They use a wrench to turn the valve 
so that the hole on the pipe and the moving hole on the 
valve handle line up. Then they put a lock(usually a 
rollersmith lock-see Issue 23) or a seal through the 
two holes. When the valve handle is pointing in the 
direction of the pipe the gas is on. Turn the handle 
with a wrench so the holes line up. Take a bigger pipe 
wrench and loosen the big nuts that connect the input 
and output pipes to the top of the meter. Then turn 
them by hand, holding the meter so it doesn't fall when 
it comes off. Now turn the meter around so the dials 
face the opposite direction that they did before, and 
the gas is going backwards through the meter. Tighten 
the nuts by hand while pushing up on the meter. Make 
sure they are turning smoothly and properly, straight 
onto the meter. Then tighten them snugdy, (but not as 
tight as possible, or you may strip the threads) with 
the big wrench. AS you use gas the meter will run in 
reverse, unless it has a ratchet mechanism to prevent 
it. At the very least the meter won't move, thus-Free 
Gas! Check for leaks as shown in the safety section. 
VALI 
CLOS) 
(points 
gut) 
AETER 
BLOWING BACK METER 
This ingenious method requires a vacuum cleaner. To
blow back the meter, connect the output of the vacuum 
to the output (supply) side of the meter. To suck back 
the meter, connect the input hose of the vacuum td the 
input of the meter. Tape up the connections with 
plastic tape and let ‘er rip! Be sure you disconnect 
the meter from the pipes (Method 1) before connecting 
on the vacuum cleaner, stupid! 
REMOVING DIALS 
Some meters have a removeable dial assembly that is 
simply removed by unscrewing the frame and pulling the 
whole thing off. Then plug up the hole where the rod 
comes through so that no gas leaks out. Any gas that 
you now use won't register on the dials, and you can 
even open up the assembly that you just removed and 
turn the dials back to a more equitable reading. When 
repositioning these dials it is extremely important to 
understand how the numbering system on the dials works. 
Every time the "Cubic feet" dial rotates one full turn, 
the "Tens of cubic feet" dial moves one digit upwards. 
‘Thus, when the "Cubic feet" dial is on zero, the "Tens" 
dial’ should be pointing right at a particular number. 
And when the "Cubic feet" dial is halfway around, the 
"Tens" dial must be halfway between two numbers. 
The 
same holds true for & 
‘ais, when compared to the 
dial right next to them. Meter readers do nothing but 
read meters ali day, and they will know if the dials 
are pointing in the wrong positions. Mark down the dial 
readings of your meter before playing with it. If the 
dials aren't labeled with "Feet", "Tens", etc., then 
turn your gas on and see which dial moves fastest. This 
will be the "Cubic feet” dial, usually the right-most 
dial.The "Tens" dial will be next to it, and so on. Be 
sure no one in your home lets the meter reader in with 
the dials off, the meter reversed, or anything else 
looking funny. 
SAFETY 
Natural gas is a mixture of 80% methane and smaller 
amounts of ethane, propane, butane, nitrogen and a few 
other gases. It is highly explosive and very poisonous. 
The shutoff valve 
shou. 
regal 
as your 
"Liv 
fe 
switch. You MUST remember to turn it off before working 
on gas lines. You can faint before you realize it if 
you have a gas leak. 
Super-Important- Work with plenty of ventilation. If 
impossible to have ventilation, don't work! Even after 
you shutoff the valve there is still enough gas in the 
pipes to be dangerous. With fresh sir coming in you'll 
have no problems. 
Sparks or flame will ignite any gas in the air. Do 
not smoke. Electric motors, drills, saws or appliances 
ake sparks and must not be used while working on gas 
es. 
When you're done, check for leaks by cupping your 
hands around the pipe and pouring in some water. Watch 
for bubbles of gas escaping. This method is better than 
sniffing because your sense of smell will decrease if 
you've been smelling gas for a few minutes, and either 
everything will smell like gas or nothing will. Do not 
try the old trick of lighting a match to find a Teak? 
Do not work alone. With two people you have protect- 
ion from fainting and not being found until it's too 
late. Both of ym should know all safety rules and be 
aware of how you are feeling while working. Work slowly 
and carefully and you should have complete success and 
safety. 
Before starting, locate every single pilot light that 
works on gas in your home. They must be relit after you 
finish or you'll be finished off. In one house there 
was a gas heater, a gas dryer, a gas water heater and 
@ gas Stove, each with its own pilot light. The stove 
itself had 7 pilot lights! Know your appliances and it's 
@ good idea to have the manuals for them so you can find 
the pilot lights before you begin to work. Some people 
have gas refrigerators. Many N.Y. people only have a 
gas stove with one or two pilots. Your pilot lights are 
also good for checking that the shutoff valve is working 
before you turn the nuts on the meter. If you smell gas 
in your home after finishing, turn off the valve at once. 
You'll breathe easier for it! 
BACK ISSUES-S0F 
- 
4 
Hi 
1- Extensions, conference switches 
2- Blue Box Story and Abbie on ripotts 
3- Telecommand Story 
£ ‘Pay Phone Issue 
& Bite Bot 15. now obsctetetissue 1) 
‘2- Tuning 
your organ 
Ji1-Red Box, Line Relay 
18-Call Stopper 
18-Snoop Light 
20-Cheeae Box 
21- Automatic Phone Tap 
22-Answeroo 
‘8- Credit card calls and 1972 code 
23- Free Electricity 
§, Suer Duper Project (See issue 11) 
24-Fraud Detectors, Index, 
1974 Code 
ANTI-BELL BUTTON- 50¢ 10/33.00 
{irinterrattonal Called: Box Plans | DESTRUCTORY ASSISTANCE Free, fost 
+ 
Pers send as much info as you want back in a 
15-1073 Credit Code, T Network 
samped, self-addressed eavelope. 
16-Red Box, Hans 
Head Crash-Send us computor passwords and operator- 
FACT SHEETS-25¢ 
only codes in return for more of same. 
1.New Credit Card Fact Skeet 
("74 Code and How to do it Safely) 
2.Receiving Lony Distance Calis Free 
Gen, Tel. version of Issue 11) 
Displayed Red Box- 15¢ 
2600 Whistle Perfector- 15¢ 
Dual Tone Oscillator with Interrupter-15¢ 
List of Destructory Assistance Topica- Free 
Schedule from 2nd Int'l Phreak Convention~ 
Free 
To receive Sub, via first class 
envelope, add 51,50 
Subscription approx. 10 tssues/yr. 
Number on address 
area indicates f!rset issue sent, 
Renew 
if your address 
has a‘1G or less 
on it, 
TAP, ROOM 504, 152 W, 42 ST.,N.Y.,N.Y. 10036 
hailing address only, check or money order only, NO CASH? 
RIGHT. 
WRONG: 
Dear TAP, 
FREE COPIES!!! 
The 3M "400" Reader-Printer (micro- 
film) so often found in schools and libraries will give 
you all the free copies 
you want if you know how. When 
you put in a dime it gives you a copy of whatever you 
were looking at. The copy comes out of the top front, 
and you're supposed to tear it off...but not if you're 
smart. The paper comes on a roll. When the copy comes 
out, find something else you want copied, dnd when it's 
focused on the screen, grip the paper firmly and pull 
straight out.This will start the machinery and a few 
See is 
ater you'll have two copies for the price of 
one. Stay there a few hdurs, and you'll have two hundred 
for the price of one. 
Space shooter dises,(small pieces of plastic made 
for the space shooter toy-19¢ per box at Woolworths) 
work as a dime in parking meters. Just make sure it's 
pushed all the way in, before turning, or meter wil} 
jam. This has saved us about $50 so far-we'd like to 
Share it. 
11-Receiving long distance calls free 
12-Blue Box Plans 
Steal This Book-$2.25 
Monovoly-$1.20 
-NEW YORK- 
For the names and numbers of war company executives, 
send a stamp and 25¢ for the Stop the War Phone Book; 
¢/o, Thomas Paine, Box 20605, Phila.,Pa. 19138...Another 
way to find who belongs to a particular phone number is 
to look in Polk's City Directory in your library. #'s 
are ‘isted numerically followed by name and occupation. 
‘As amusing book "The Poor Man's James Bond" is $5 
‘om Hillerest Publications, Box 39S, McDonald, Ohio, 
44437 and is a manual of homemade bombs, mace and zip 
guns. It's the revised version of the "Militant's For- 
mulary".Catalog is 25¢, and they're not cool so write 
a straight-looking letter...Heath Company, Benton Har- 
bor, Mi. will lend you a frequency counter on a 30 day 
trial basis. You have to have a business letterhead($5 
per 100 offset) and- pay a $400 advance deposit. write 
or stop by nearest dealer for details. They're real 
nice about it. Say you want to compare theirs with the 
Hewlett Packard or some other brand.
NEW RED BOX! 
HELP IS NEEDED 
‘We need inf. 
on the following subjects for future articles. 
in TAP. 
‘Automailc Ble Boxes- With info about where they're nec- 
eau. 
| 
Mending Machines- Locks, gotting stuff, ete. 
‘New code bogks, nicking Med-co, 
Sargent Keso, tricks, @tc. 
Baio: Setting up your own station, traramitter schemiilics 
‘and building Jammers, info on pirate station legal hassics. 
Bu 
lex Alarma- Such as Holmes and other central station 
rms, bypassing, electronic keys and picking, etc. 
‘Also, Mainets, 
and 
Resistors are 
watt, 5%. 
tors are 
10 volts or more. * denotes hi-stability. 
Transistor is 2N2222, Hep 55, or RCA 
SK3020. Timer is NES55, top view.of 8- 
pin mini-DIP shown. Diodes are 1N914 
or any small-signal silicon diode, 
Out 
we 
U 
e 
7 
bs 
22222 
741 OP AMP-TOP VIEW —_ (Bottom) 
(Current: Idle-1,5 ma. On-6,5 ma. 
Circuit operation is similar to Issue 16, out simplified 
with two IC timers. Leakage has.been eliminated. Pushing 
button supplies power to timer (pin 8&4) which turns on 
for a short time according to the selected 120k, 220k or 
470k resistor. The timer, when on, supplies power from 
its pin 3 to the flip-flop (pin 4&8), which turns on and off 
power through the 15k resistor to the oscillator, which in 
turn feeds signal to the amplifier and earpiece. The flip- 
flop speed is first set for 25¢ by adjusting the value of the 
620k 
if necessary, then for § & 10 (they're the same) with 
the 6,.2k resistor. The 120k, 220k and 470k are rough values 
for the timer length. They can be 500k miniature 
pots or 
resistors. An alternate way to set times is to adjust the 
value of the * capacitors by paralleling others on it. The 
1 mf, is the timer, and the .1 
is the flip-flop. Buttons are 
normally~open miniature pusbbuttons; the on-off switch is 
necessary & shouldn't be done with diodes in this box. Try 
@ real nickel if booths in your area are hip to red box tones. 
For more information see issue number 16, Adjust the 30k 
vot for 2200 Hz tone, or compare to the real thing, 
Leakage: None. 30% fewer parts. 
Earpie 
Qutput: -7 dBm(.3 volt RMS) at 100 ohms. 
Dear People, 
I'm glad to see your concern with areas other than 
Phones. In the Nixonoid era we all need to learn all 
sorts of ways to save and survive. TAP seems sometimes 
too techno-oriented so I'm glad you're putting out 
intro courses in electronics. 
I've decided to send something to help Abbie although 
I don't think he is blameless. Yipster Times seems to 
want to see him in jail but they are sometimes too 
heavy-handed. Your view convinced me to dig in and find 
a dollar or 2. Venceremos, 
ce 
Note: Please send contributions to Abbie Hoffman & 
Friends Defense Fund, 640 Broadway, N. ¥.,N.Y. 10012. 
‘The case is about to come to trial and funds are urgently 
needed, Abbie and his friends need our suvport; please help, 
Dear Sirs, 
I INSIST that you remove my name from your mailing 
list. 
was unaware that TAP had ali these other mat- 
erials, in addition to what appeared to be some simple 
useful ideas. 
-FLORIDA- 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
NEW CREDIT UARD PLAN: To 
combat the fraudulent use of 
credit cards, a new card number- 
ing plan will be introduced in 
1975 by the Bell System. The plan 
4s the result of soaring credit 
card fraud that began in the late 
ome phase of the pian ts that 
25 
long-distance calls placed with 
credit cards will be checked for 
validity by computers. The 1975 
credit cards will bear a 10 digit 
number that will have none of 
the characteristics of the custom- 
er’s phone number. When 0 long- 
distance.call ts placed, @ validity 
check of the credit card nunwer 
will’be made by a ayatem of com- 
TAP, ROOM S04, 152 W. 42 ST., N.Y,N.Y. 10036 
RENEW IF YOUR ADDRESS HAS A 16 OR LESS ON IT