Getting InThere will coum a @sy when you are locked cut of your own house.In the following artiele I will show a nwaber of interestineway to get into your own house,use this article to break into someone slres home (gaep}).The firs¢ topie of eourse is doors. Sinoe this is where abreak-in is most likely to occur it is the most heavily protested.One solution to door loeks is picking. Always look for aneasy look to pick. Why waste 15 minuets on a super piok prooflook on the front door when there is a loak that you oan pickeasier than your teeth on the gerare? A pick gun belps but itneeds axill just ap regular look pieker,Fany doors ean be jimmied with a knife or a set of creditecards. A door can be jimmied only if the bolt is exposed sothat you oan see it. Jimmying will not work on deadbdolts or doubleloeking doorse To jimmy you need two thin knives or a pair oferedit oards. Put your first knife in the orsaek with the bladefaeing the bolt. Put the blade as olose to the frane side aspossible. Wow push down on the bolt with the knife while movingthe dDlade towardthe door. The bolt will move with it. Ure thesecond knife to keep the bolt from sliding back as you move thefirst knife back to the frame. Repeat this process until thebolt pops from the door frame, If there is a large gap betweenthe doorand the frame it can be opened by prying the door awayfrom the frame until the bolt pops out. If the door is too wellprotected or you are lasy just cut a hole in the door. Be rurethe hole is big enourh for anything you might be leaving with.Wouldn't you feel stupid if you apent all that time cutting abole you oouldn’t use?Another old trick is to remove the hinge pins and pull thedoor out.An interesting way to open most pin tumbler locks and waferlocks is to get an automotive dent puller, the type with thesliding hammer ( the heavier the better, 5lbs. ) and sheet metalworew tip. Serew it into the keyway and rip the core out. Nowyou can reach inside the look and throwcore the bolt manualy.t Some doors have a emall chainninePulier Rare lock as an extra measure ofproteotion. There are threetary whys to defest therer 1.) give the door a food kiok 2.)reach ingide and unscrew the anchor 3.) use the rubber band andtack method. This last method harm the advantage of not leavingany traces that the look was manipulated.gavlScrews aveeio TACKbhAnchor -,|® © .WYCHAIN
Open the door antil the shain in tight,the tack and rubber band. After the tack and band are in placeslam the door closed. As the door oloses the rubber band pullsthe sliding knob to the other end of the alide and thepops the knob out of the slide,Sometimes it is better to enter throuch a window. Mont houseshave storm windows or sereens durring the summer. The only wayto open storm windows igean be unscrewed. Sereens are much easier, It ean be out withjust about anything. It ean also be pushed from the frame. IfOne looks elosely at the inside of a screen window he will teethat the screening is held to the frame by four rubber strips.By pushing in the corner of thewindow with a blunt objest( sueh as &@ black-jack, gunbarrel ete. ) the tubing will beforeed from the frame and theBereen set free,We still have the préblem ofepening the main window. If it isloaked we ( We? F'm not involvedin any break-in. ) must break it or@eut it. To breakk 1% sover the entireWindow with tape and then tap it with@ hemmer until i¢ is all brokenespecialy around the frame. Wewouldn't want any sharp edges wouldwet Fow pull the tape off and the wiwill eome eff with it. To eut the window @ip your eutter in alight of] and eut a sqare in the window, Before eutting use asxuetion eup so that the plese you gut will mot fall inaide andmake & sound. Cutting takes some praetiee but onee you leernLt's lots of fun.
Fow reach in and place
frase TOP
FRONT (inside)
I would never dream that you night
to break them or look and wee if the frame
S& Cy. ¢£ »THeTAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036DECEMBER 1982No. 80Yany cchools, rtores and other inrtitutionn ( mental? ) havewindows that are held fn pisos ty a Crame that can be urscrewed.Carement windows ceneraly have no locks teonuse of the ratioof the rears. However if the window is rlirchtiy open it cen beforced cpen comenletiy by vurhine back ane forth very violently.Our next topic im padloekr, You can ure the rtandard pickingmethods just like any rerular loc':. Hany pedloecke use a wardedkey evstem for which it ic verv rinple to nake a skeloten key.Of courne there are the rtandard force mathode ruch as cuttinghenmering and uring the sutomotive dent-puller. Combinationlooks o&n be onened by rtealing a code took or bribing one frona friendly look-rmith { the more you pray him the friendlier hecets ).If a door haw magneticr on it or ir otherwine vrotected itis better to cut a hole in the wall next to the door. Se eureto ohack for far and water pipes and electioal oonduit or otherobstructions. After findinr e oleer area ret a circular saw andout the grea out. Get o crowtar and rip the plasterboard out.Tou will need a saw with at learnt a 5” out depth, 4" dir neededfor the 2"X 4" etuds that hold the wall up, and the remaining irc:for the plasterboard.Contrary to popular belief cinder block walle are very easyto break down. Anyone with a sledre hammer ¢an do it.Looking at a cinder block from thetop we see a larfe portion is hollow.To make a hole we first atrike the bloin the areas shown in the first drawinThic area will cave in and expose theineide. Wow hit the blook ac shown iin the seeond drawing and vou have Ce@ small hole that can easily be en- | 4 |lerged by the fame process,If the wall igpoured comorete or reinforced then forget it.Sometimes it is more convenient to drop in throurh the roof.If the roof has vente that is the best place to enter. Cr vouban use 8 saw to wake a hole, Remember that you may be confronted:with a large drop after you make your hole.The main thing to remember is to think unoonventionaly. ‘ortplaces ara only proteoted in the areas where they think someonewill try to get in.door slammingPre Stainless Steal RatS.F. Inmates MadeBig Use of the PhonesPriseners at the Mal! afJustice have bilked a comneu-mications company ef theu- 258priseneraawait trial, Davissaid.sands of deliars by makingMiegal lomg-distanee tele- “Al beesc 12 tnmstes have ac.phene calls the , Ban eesto each of th- MMphones.~heFrazcisce shertif's depatics: "idsaid yesterday. steer said be learned of theceils fren MCT. but no seaedd maximum security immates “They (the inmates) are better thenbrokethecodesweedby MCI& uci ~ seid the undersherif{“TheMidwestern telecommunications company ought Lo hire these =firm thet offers lemg Gletunce calls ~over ts microwsve 300A MC spokeemnan maidat Joustof the calls were billed to aDeputiessaldthe prisoners smalfirm in the Midwestwhichmade culls all over the country nad uses the MCI service Other sourceswere even believedtohave ruc: said the total vatue ofthe calla maycooded. im catting friends im South react: $108,000,Ameria, sithoughthatcontinent yssupplsedty ineccemibisvie MCI. Tnveatigators said the codepumberscould have been sétuined‘Tel balls were mode from from soclen credit cards

BUILD AN MDS DOWNCONVERTERby: THE MAGICIANChalKusaa yugpacntUL uewerealwise.4 fWiubweCwte@,ye aoula ievawe 7a,pow cOoulu *hergaaas!butlua, SYOCLiny uveSs amd Dibel proylaaes Lite OLLaaiLyw.uneKwetui bel,af tCacio) af tv We aSBJS Shy Bass.wi Lhe Oust aethudaaui AwbecCuypt Ean BLS( SwSe Wwes petveks, Rave asiimis af LUE wi bw eat sceLuk at ADS Uvebcunvetrel, FUOsLvuwasy afm et bwenticysLaw actual cunswettwc, asi Avd LU BCAUwhlewma pau iueubvurtek 10 «4 awejlA UL 72> uaeCevilw sitm Ldatevin af CUBhwmiulsBudde bat abies we B4YN, 2h Ci¥ulyout by bad oat (ual BUC VSLwits.ie VO hide,
LOXauLlwiha. Tie Wwe Ga CBawdauu mm poy thw syutace I!
ue CuumvCtwud LO LauKes Comd4iumimisopedadnd bpdorBip UL dM BIEL
PS & Tuonine~~to PwrRioTar LNO oF FoilC Te TweetRgLy Qy
Ry
XSupply/TunUnit
_——)al iteTVRBE SECTION
{x‘
{whyWwRFC |hatCoi omaa+ stQl, Q2, Q3} MAPSO, 26603, MMT2857R1 1.5K thermistor ciR2 LK obs C2 1OOO pfd "chip-—cap"*Lj 1.5K thermistor C3 seme as ClR4 16K ohm c4 820 pfd “*ebip-cap”RS 47 ohm cs 820 prd disoR6 75K obs cé O.1 mfd dinaa7 470 obs C7 33 mfd/25-50O0rvdeRO 470 obs RPC 10 uh chokeR39 =: 100K ous Dl a D2 MSDIOl or P5718RO 270 ohmLl thru L4 3 turns #22 solid, 1/8” spacing,wound on .08" dia. form.12 turne #28 solid close wound on$18 weolid (center conductor of coax).2 GHz DownconverterDOCTORATOMIC'SUMDERGROUNDORUGMEWSWOME GROWN: Several years ago, { read a megazinearticle that aaid that the comeon variety of poppyseeda sold in grocery stores were opiws poppy seedsfrom papaver sommiferum. [t also said that theseeds were fertile and that $0% would sprout. Al-though the seeda from a bom with yin-yang and drag-ons on it sprouted, I haven't been abla to confir=that the grocery store variety of feed aad pepaverseommiferum ara one and the same, ff anyone canhelp to clarify this, please let us know,
L5
t WDM, N-methyl MDA, },4-methy]eneoxy etamine. Orag Survival Mews, April1982, reported that MOM is being sold aa -yrc"MOM is a relative of MOA, but it ia more mellow andlese lixe speed than MDA. It provides satimulationand relaxation at the same time, and is only mildlyhallecinogemic. To date, it ia anecheduled aad istherefore a legal substance.41 Ethyl ether may toonbe made a Title 21ceatrelled eubstance per DEA pressure -—- the ex-mse being that it ebould be controlled becauseLQ bas aheetetia preperties, Sig Brother wantste give ws the gift of “felony ether",
1000 pfd “chip—cap" mounted thru PCR.
1248 CorPEECAN
FoTact
|*ngFREEBIE: <A chemistry/secience newslettrar, yes}3Mews, ig offered frae from: Department of a-try, Umivergity of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario,Canade H2L 3G]. This is a montkly publicationgeared to high school chemiatry teachers. Once ina while there's some interesting trivia in it.It’s worth the price of a stamp for a subscription,20 write co them and ask to be put om their "mail-ing list".MORE ZS: Get something of value beck fortax ars by semding for theem aging and ioagevity chamistry fros: Infor-mation Office, Sox PL, MBational Institute on Aging,Builiding 31, Room 5€35, Bethesda, MD 20205. Whenyou get the publication list, just check off theications that you want. I highly reccommend) Bloohemistry of Aging, 2) Special Report on Ag-ing 1980 & 1981, and 3) Cur Puture Selves. Tolook profasaional, always type your requests forpublication lists and for freebiaa.TOMRLAS Rave seen the ada for fanmias thatare mg gold in High-Timese and other magazines?(Might amy of thes be DEA ating operations?) For-@ulas are available for free eat eniversity libcar-ies in the Chem Abstraets and in chemistry journals.And by going directly to the literature you're sureef the infermation that you're getting, sure of theimtegrity of the scurce, you are gaining ex-perience in using the chemistry reference books.

BY JOHN SHAVERThis is the firse of many articles thatI plan to write for TAP about a fub—ject that ita very dear to my heart...DOPE. YI have been reading TAP for awhile and absolutely LOVE Dr. Atomic‘sUnderground Orug News. Like moat“dopies", I read all of the magzdevoted to the world of drugs anddruq related objecta. Wot toaundermine Or. Atomic, but ayarticles will consist mainly ofhow-to information about drugrelated obyjyecte and drug smuggling.Correct me if I am wrong, but Dr,Atomic writes mainly about thehow~to aspect of the chemiastry-drug field.In my first articla. I would liketo tell you about an incidentwhich happened to me whils I wasoverasean in Europe. Anyone whowants to get nia hands on somecheap hash or coke should considermeking a trip to Europe. Many CHEAPcharter fliqhts fly out of Mew Yorkand a major haul could moce chan payfor the trip.In Berlin, I purchased ten grams ofhash on the street for eight GermanMacks per gram. For those who arenot up to date on the exchange rateof US dollars to Marks, the pricetranslated into $3,885 per gram,But how good ia the hagh you ask?Wall, a friend and I smoked arolled up cigarette laced with aampall amount of hash while on thereturn flight to Mew York and ina matter of five minutes. we wereknocked out. When the plane began tofly upsides down, we Knew we weremtoned off our asses. Incidentally,One should swok# hah in the lavatoryof the jet, not in one's neat:And now for the real shockingtruth...coke aalls in Berlin forthe smazingly low price of $50per gram. This coke ie as goodaes any here in the USA and iathe best I have found for free-Dasing. Other good dealsinclude heroin and an occasionalhit of BSD. All of theae harderdrugs are @xXtremely cheap andwurprizingly cheap.Wow can 1 smuggle the hash, etc.into the US of A? Here are a fewfuggestions I know to work vary@eali. Pirgst, when going throughtustoms in the US, wear a Dusineuswuit and atie. The customsOfCicials will be leas likelyto apk you CO Open your suit caneif you took presentable. Anorhersuggestion is never to make jokesand luugh while standing in Linsat customs. Those SOB's havebeen known to strio 80 year oldwomen who juxe@ around in line...just make yourself as statua=quo as possible.What if the customs officialsdo decide to examine yovr luqgage?One way which I smuggled in somegreat hash waa by cutting a bar ofgoap in half, hollowing it out,and packing the dope inside.Then, put the bar back togetherand use water to seal it. Eventhe Dest dog couldn't emell througnthat type of packing. For Larger“shipments,” conceal it in anytype of regular container and putit in a plastic garbage beg, Thenpuct all of your dirty clothes ontop of it and top that with yourdirty underwear. wo selfrespecting customs agent will rootthrough a Dunch of emeily clothes
to the bottom. If you want to hidethe druds on yuur person, the bestplace ig in your crotch. Be sureto go tO a male agent ans} hope theehe isn't queer if he decides tu frin.you.Pine, I know the city and the meansof getting the drua@a baca, vut howthe hell do I find the street wherethe deugs ire located? Berlin 1°a \aras city ond one nerds 3 mapt> Cina the arwu® I am talking about.If you write tu me here at TAP, Iwill be more than happy to se#enwyou a map with the areas marke.and even send you info on wherethe cheapest airlines are locate.t.Roundtsip to Ber.an can be as lowas $450 from New York }--SEND A SASE.Look for my next article ubout thelowest prices in the world fordruq celated objects. I promise,these places are cheap and sarein the USA:regaxrda.. .SIAVER
Fiji: UNSTUL SOMERSope ae aot WO a re , . ie,» é
_*. .SS| oY* aoe? (aanaada y 1 ryee i
es td!° ss * ote ‘ °486 ‘wt we) mnOT ee me “
wR MIDs ae heeOR AMATI
ONE DOLLAR?
to Va. penitentiaryAuwhmeed. Va TheSecre Services hess Bricereuntertor $109 bulla Le Lhe preyme (Op BM ibe Virgunet SlateProetwg the kelis tuipe therpenhave bewn Iiled. ierrestwan Dyre¢to¢ Alay Preeunesrnad Ke gadRet mbewutyUeiusperiCarrertwee DeparupenluresU¢ate(s have evidence Lahangbogui 8100 bells recewedby Sec:ret Service agenia ta “one armore mates a~stigned te thePrreen pra thee apersiedbythe
aTfe oYBIBOGTGNZA -
a Synge
Prent ead back ef a bogus 616 bill which a News Tritue erpieyes recetved yesturday In Fords.een “Ph tw ate,“bf oo we
Des:ea
Wre-- Pm / “PMYR Vo sweOL Ue7 =< ° .
tamer, Maaley Keetast!.weald usticeihe row!wont be mepped ferreceive a legitimeta91 bit! 1m gasstine om his Wayheme Ws Else dolls 2 week from ceeds rwegheutemchangefeyphe net-ae-iegeltamter. beth The sunt cameWw 310 seg {ihesinte.The officialadded thiswas ibe fest Bt out of mry and gave ws eet ose peep deg I.” bshead's fire sopermmcs weit whey bind to the snsndant. Boon toe orusndent pend, noting franéetert inciudsngRogue —" Suuth acrunste bert.¥ .~ colaneme crefiamacnity rorvesPumtatd lest Docainer "ned peor “onsy omean agen aned be umgéy cashes peme balete Jeawory of Met year. tna haces for has ee wertare “Even Sewe ef (Be artiaens“stiri wrkYanardeyytellswerescoudity ses = | councad A | wenddn'] hove estased ioveum. winks ales go SNh Gowdollar weet W whackweresusthed «6 I would'vecoud the Corners and leneine cade of Le erga Genenmmetion Mieeen fhewsese avy Thawed atresiedare referred(6baits. d1 6 quiet gious. the belly esd Reber G@egmty pelea eral netheriiestoy preposition,Was-head chied jer Weedbridga. amd be bmewe = leastersty seat

VIDEO BARTER Classitied. / The TAP Classified Ad Page is vublished as a ELECTROMIC SUAWE (LL AMCEOOLLIILS service to our readers, All ads MUST be type and Praasvembled/Project hits compicie, camera ready. Ads will apvear in the next ad sheet when ai) weated component acces:unless they arrive after printing deadline in nortan.Li cat eae Bs §
VIDEO BARTER is your link to other Videophiles who would like to .trade, lend, borrow, sell, buy and barter video goodies among when case they will appear An the following ad Transaltters. Linenans Wenesers,themselves. No other publication fills this need in the market- echt The cost per ad per issue is $4. If you TPG Systems - CH MOA!Place. Thousands of cost-conscious video enthusiasts can save by wish to preserve your anonymity, TAP Box numbers Send $1.00{refundable) for theshopping through hundreds of advertisements in our MEW publication. are available at the cost of $5 per ad per issue, most fascinating catalog of "Con:We even provide a special "NO RISK" service for those persons sho This extra cost is for the postage to mail you the Fidential Electronic devicesavail:feel insecure about trading with others. VIDEO BARTER will print replies to your ad. Full page ads cost $12 and able anywhere.FREE advertisements for all non-commercial subscribers. You can half-page ads cost $6. Payment ‘Must accompany al} ot WC pe fessional leckea rth teeplace one FREE ad under EACH heading EVERY smonth: Have/ Want ads. Send cash and get a 10 % discount on all ads. vets ane Other rede tole ond beck’Address all ad requests to : TAP, Room 603, 147 Please indicate If interested.Recordings, Video Cameras, Recorders/ Players, Accessories, VideoGames, TV's/ Monitors, Computers, Microwave/Satellite, Audio/ HiFi, West A2nd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.Test Equipeent, Photographic Equipment, and Miscellaneous. We von ee 33? sei02 sr, amebelieve we have something for everyone in the video field and can |give you wide coverage with your advertisements. We strive to oserve all equally to the best of our ability, ¥o do not skim ads Entinental Jpectator ©or divulge them to anyons before they are published. We want andneed your bugimess, our service will demonstrate what we say. As IN OLE TRh FWINGING YEARan INTRODUCTORY OFFER to TAP readers we will accept FREE ads at SE. SPRAYNO COST TO YOU - just mail them in! Try us by sending your FREE —— Male Freromone Hndroctercore --- |ada KOW't We are sure you will become a happy and satisfied Aosmall -ainamt broadcasts a Fowerful 2 ~customer. VIDEO BARTER, 7216-T Enders Avenue, San Diego, CA 92122 SIICONSC les <exUal sWarenecs tO women. EVIRYBOCYSWRINGKWER “CONTINENTALSAICIARCR =—See FRPP Ho. 7S. 1 Serasy tan $270 Cash *s\e cece 132 felj-cise pages inudad with pummelemu| 250 oo on to Boe Le Te ame .~ ones =£ © Seri to Box — evo TR. ’ phos meccacocoSunygeaplan, pretty giv,gay 6 bl ocie40 Page Catalog of Rare & Out- CONTEST 3 va PUB eeegng evloin, wete, veudams oomof-Print Books Dealing with mes ween ¢ cont,plasm toametcotepem and AnatHALLUCINOGENIC Drugs &| 0 BisSeeitdih SomSenrerees As”Conneretaenoe nenaPlants = Magic Mushrooms = Sy ee Rare Persian Rugs — Sept. 1,1a? Weee doedpeoeog, bee nt,Peyote = LSD $3 from core meChaeares penainuhera rdaabCinge,code Oucaharinegewenng Pe Kurdistans woven in Wry 19006, Plan state pperage.SnceagEpn,andLeta-q uit BOCVINETIEREN menkoreng Cw BChvhes BAG western Iran - Royalx weed by Ws bentaavs ATM movers Canestlods) San 1982Mi hile Books oS erasel nar#anl Tat eae hanes PSTST Sarouks. Call 201- .P.O. Box Naples, FL 33909 BANKS CHEATOSR YOUOUT OF A BECENTSTANDARD OF Livieem 520-8737 or Wee as PASSPORTS and DUAL CITIZENSHIPSTt TT * T T SOFTWARE & HARDW, Keasbey, N.J. 08832 are now available from Castellania.= perceura samere Unopusncawera 100w compennes ww nie TMbGO "Msede)ae Truly the finest has It is still possible for you to obtain a genuinewept agrncmmehbuyeaen & quran Bhd UNAmenase Heconeeten andmeensee for a short time be-~ Passport from the Principality of CasteLlania in any— Susenrang, verecn!mon ta doutsie eoraty Gun caravannoe cadet Ona oa (come attainable. name you choose. Castellania was established inqevarywanoraasn Denrrise yurOea oratiya eratOxpew oped 1974 and its Passports have been accepted by about_ Ceasamertrenics Ce 100 countries on an individual basis, Coins andSMITH & WESSON HANDCUFFS P.O. Drewer 537, Alamogordo, N. Mf. 86310 postage stamps from CastelLlania are or will soon be) New service cuffs, in S&W blue ! available also. Many other opportunities exist ince Dox. “un two See oS Common Sense is the newsletter areas of "off-shore" banking, formation of companiesvEtrand caffe $8 op for the libertarians of Florida or corporations,and eo forth.PP- TESLA,MAGMET WOTORS,"FREE EWNERGY® and other friends of liberty, An information brochure, passport and.INDIAN HEAD se co. LEVITATION DISKS, POGUE CARBURETORS, ane is published six times u year naturalization information and application will berailedToc 2 8708 ETC. 250 EXOTIC PATENTS LISTED, NUMBERS, | °° annuss subeer prion rate of to you, upon the receipt of $5.00 US. -: DATRS, HOW TO OBTAIN COPIES, SOURCE seven do ars($7.00) per Oe Addreas all requests and make payment to:LISTINGS FOR MORE INFORMATION, REPORT Seapie i corresvendence oacase The Commerical Representative of theSimGPOMD, MEW TORK 10529) scriptions to Common Sense. P.U. Principality of Castellania, P.O. Box 40201., , ; Box 6 S0051-TaP, Miasi, Florida ~ Pasadena, Calif. 91104 USA,oe