Stamp Out 
Gun Control 
‘The Citizens Committee for the 
Right to Keep and Bear Arms has 
launched a new project which we 
expect to have & major impact on 
Public opinion, 
Would you believe the U.! 
Postal Service has never Issued 
stamp commemorating our 
rg t0 keep and bear arms? Or, 
for that matter, the shooting sports 
or our U.S. Olympic Rifle and 
Pistol Team? 
‘Well, they haven't. 
Furthermore, In their new 
“Roots of Democracy'’ stamp 
serles, they commemorate Free- 
dom of Spesch, Freedom to Vote, 
Freedom to Assemble, Freedom of 
the Press—but they omit our 
Firearms Freedom—the basic root 
of democracy. 
a 
‘Why 
do we want a pro-gut 
rights postage stamp? Because it 
we get the Postal Service to Issue & 
right to keep and bear arms com- 
memorative postage stamp we will 
ly every American with 
ro-gun 
rights message. 
In addition to having a mass Im- 
pact on the way many Americans 
think and vote, this project is an ex- 
cellent way of getting cn the of- 
fensive rather than always fighting 
a defensive battle. That Is why wo 
need your help now, to make this 
innovative project a success. 
Please write today to Willlam 
Bolger, U.S. Postmaster General, 
U.S. Post Office, Washington, 
D.C. 20026, asking him to Issue a 
stamp commemorating the Seco’ 
Amendment, our right to keep ana 
bear arms, 
At the bottom of this page is an 
ad for pro-gun stamps which you 
will be able to use along with your 
reguiar postage until we can get 
the Postal Service to commemorate 
our rights. 
So you can “see, this project Is 
well planned and thought out. Our 
objectives are three-fold: 
*To reach as many people as 
possible with our pro-gun rights 
message through an effective 
means of communication. 
To focus attention on our right 
to keep and bear arms, and re- 
mind Americans that our heritage 
of firearms traedom Is In the na- 
tional! interest. 
To achieve the greatest Impact 
on the mass public at the lowest 
possible cost~so that your pur- 
chase rough the ad has more 
lous yer dollar. 
CCRIKBA: prefers to take the of- 
fensive with a project like this than 
always be on the defensive because 
of activities of anti-gun groups like 
the National Counci} to Control 
‘Handguns or the National Coall- 
tlon to Ban Handguns. 
To be frank, in the next few 
months we must ralse $225,000 to 
make this project a success. That {s 
why we need your help and seek 
your support through the 
ad at the 
bottom of this page. 
Just Imagine how unglued the 
anti-gunners will become every 
time they get a letter in the mail 
with a pro-gun stamp on it, _B 
Every 
stamp you lick brings us 
closer to licking the anti- 
gunners. 
‘We might stamp out gun confis- 
cation once and for alll It's 
about time 
we did!!! 
‘A You also may be able to use them without your regular 
postage! 
-B Just imagine how ungired the Postal Monopoly will be- 
come every time they catch a letter with only a pro- 
gun stamp on it! 
£ And closer to eliminating the Postal “Service's” mono- 
y ai 
~ 
A 
JULY-AUG 1979 
NO. 58 
Mr. Phelps Strikes Again! 
That's right, Jim Phelps, that lovable, larcenous, lecherous 
Libertarian and his IM Force are back with another exciting 
issue filled with fun and games!!! After the unbelievable, un- 
precedented, under-whelming 2 letter reader response to the 
last Mr. Phelps issue, I've decided to give him another chance 
to get his act together! All of the articles, comments and 
>pinions expressed in this issue are the sole responsibility 
of Mr. Phelps and do not necessarily represent those of TAP 
or its staff of burn outs. Any similarity between the persons, 
places and events mentioned in this issue and the real thing 
is purely intentional, Names have been changed to protect 
the guilty and to keep us from getting our ass sued! Address 
all comments and complaints about this issue to Mr. Phelps 
c/o TAP. As always, if any of your IM Force is caught or 
killed, TAP will disavow all knowledge of your activities. 
Good luck, Jim. 
DEDICATION 
poly! 
This issue is dedicated to Abbie Hoffman and all our other 
revolutionaries, wherever they are. 
O Yes! I'l help stamp out 
control. Send me 
—— sheets 
of stamps (50 stamps 
per sheet) 
at 25¢ per sheet. I've enclosed $__. 
INFO WANTED 
Name 
We'd like to know all about the chemical (source, price, 
Address 
etc) which may be used on postage stamps to allow automated 
nity 
State 
Zip. 
sorting and canceling. 
Return to: 
Chain Stamps 
Citizen Committee for the Right to Keep 
and Bear Arms, 1601 114th Street SE, 
Suite 151, Bellevue, Washington 98004 
The pale blue of these stamps may not reproduce well, If 
it doesn't, you'll just have to order some to see how great 
they Took. And be sure to order enough - 10 or 20 sheets @ 
25¢ per sheet is a bargain - to make it worth the CCRKBA's 
time. Small orders are a nuisance! 
These stamps offer many possibilities. If you use them 
alone, and if they catch it, they'll “Return to Sender” or 
to the Dead Letter Office (and maybe the Postal Inspector!) 
If they catch it. 
It's not likely that they will in a large 
city. In smal (reatly small, like where I am In Mittel- 
Amerika) towns, t+: Postal employees are reatly friendly and 
conscientious. Amazing! 
F you were to get a rubber stamp made with 15¢ on it, 
and a stamp pad with ink color to match the blue of the 
stamp, heh, .heh..,Good luck! Another possibility would be 
to get a 13c rubber stamp and add a 2c "real" stamp. 
WARNING 
I understand that recent "real" stamps have a,chemical in 
the ink which permits letters to be sorted and canceled by 
automated equipment. The lack of this chemical in CCRKBA's 
"stamps" might be a problem. Using a 2¢ "real" stamp and a 
V3e 
 CCRI 
stamp" might be the best idea. 
You've heard of chain letters? If not, ask some old 
timer. They're a pyramid scheme (illegal) like Social In- 
Security (legal because the government says so) in which the 
first players may make a lot of money, but at the expense of 
Tater Players. 
* 
much less dishonest kind of chain letter can be prod 
with the aid of Elmer's Glue-All. Regular 
readers of TAP 
will recall #39 which advised that Postage stamps could be 
recycled by coating them before mailing (and allowing it to 
sty before mailing, or it could prove embarrassing), 
If you 
apply the glue too heavily, the Cancellation will smudge. Now 
that it really matters. A friend and I sent the Lindbergh's 
Spirit of St. Louis crossing the Atlantic on so many flights 
107 15? 20? that we lost count. We were tempted to claim a 
Guinness World's Record. Remember, it's bad luck to break a 
chain letter, 
What if you get caught? 
Many paranoids have asked me this, 
1 don't think the gov- 
ernment is so stupid that they would prosecute. Think of all 
the free publicity Elmer would get! Sales Of Elmer's report- 
edly increased significantly after #39 appeared. Look what 
happens whenever Puritans try to censor a book or movie, 
up 
* There's nothing wrong with stealing from the government. 
After all, they steal from us. They call it taxes,
FREE MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS 
| 
Have you heard about the Mordacai Jones Magazine System? 
He was the George'C, Scott character in The Flim-flam Man, It's 
a systemization of the three free issue policy. Z1f you send 
in a card and say "BY11 me", they'll send three issues and a 
lot of bills before caneeling, See #42 for another method.7 
Go to the library and get-sub. cards for the mags you want, 
Pick a desirable name and send in, recording the date on a 
big master list. 
When the first issue comes, record the date received so you 
know how long processing takes. 
After a few issues cancel the first, sub and reorder a 
Second on the cards that came in your first issues. 
It is best 
to cancel by writing ‘tlo longer at this address” on the invoice, 
This seems more plausible than to just deny you ever ordered. 
It is also best to keep the first invoice for when you want to 
cancel, 
It looks better than canceling after your fourth in- 
voice. Often the envelope included with the first invoice is 
postpaid, but subsequent ones are not. Once you know how long 
it takes to process an order and a cancelation, you can just 
keep sending things in at the right time to get uninterrupted 
service. It usually works out that you should order the next 
sub before you cancel the first, but that depends on the mag. 
Esquire takes almost 6 weeks to order, as does Forbes, Yachting, 
and Road and Track. High Fidelity on the other hand took less 
than two weeks; as does Business Week. Most of the rest are 
somewhere in between. 
As far as picking a name to order in, we used the name of 
@ guy who used to tive in our dorm room before WWI. 
Then we 
switched the name around a little each tim 
We do get some 
rather strange looks from our mailman! This might not be 
necessary atacollege, where the P 0 delivers to an address, 
not a name, 
It could be a problem at an apartment, As far 
as the magazine end is concerned, I'm quite sure the name is 
irrelevant, as long as it's not identical with the last one. 
A friend ordered one under the name Ivan Biteyatitsoff and I'm 
sure there are more inventive things to be done in this area. 
In any case, it's all handled by computers and humans who are 
as capable of original thought as computers (which is to say: 
not at all), so it doesn't have to make sense, as evidenced 
by the Forbes article I included, 
. 
Report from Arthur Bishop (my favorite movie hero): 
1 got 
a catalog from Ken Hale Publications, POBox 395, McDonald, 
Ohio 44437 $1.00 It's a lot like Loompanics, only he has 
more stuff: silencers, bombs, locks, warfare, survival, etc. 
For the "Man of Action". Includes kurt Saxon's Root-Rot, 
an answer to Alex Haley. 
The Mechanic starring Charles Bronson} 
I hadn't heard, Hany thanks to One of the Best and the 
Brightest. If we had a couple of hundred contributors like 
you, we could publish a full size magazine every month. 
If you live in a house or apt, and are on good terms with your 
mailman, you might be able to tell him about it and he may go 
along with it - as long as it doesn't get him into trouble. 
You can tell him that, if anyone’ inquires about the name(s), 
it’s someone “visiting” you, Some mailmen are pretty good 
guys. Remember, we are fighting The System, not individuals 
who may be trapped in it. 
oP 
‘AND YOU'RE AFRAID OF COMPUTERS? 
An estimable magazine sent out a renewal offer not long ago 
to a subscriber who had not renewed. The label was returned 
with a line through the gentleman's name and a handwritten 
notation "Died in 74" 
You guessed it -- the correction was made. 
And the next mailing, identical to the first, went out 
addressed to “Died in 74" 
41575684 
a 
DIEDIN 7% 
7 HC DONALD RN. 
fbn 
oF 
me 
13e 1g 
from Forbes 
2% of mail misdirected 
Dear Mr. Steelmor, 
We have received ycur request 
to cancel ycur order fer 
NEW YSEK BAGAZIN®. 
It has keen cancelled as you 
Dec 11, 1978 instructad. 
recaiva an additional invoice, 
please disregard it. 
MAKE YOUR OWN LOCK PICKS 
‘Al Mundy and I have been promising for some time to write 
articles on lock picking. Al's was in #50, and, at long last, 
here's mine, 
Every gun enthusiast (sren't we all? If you aren't, you 
should be!) 4s, or should be, familiar with Brownell's, 
Route 2, Box 1, Montezuma, Iowa SOL71, Their 150+page ca’ 
($2.50, refundable with first order) liste all sorts of gun— 
smithing goodies, >Qne of these goodies is #151 Spring Stock 
Assortment One hundred 12" long pieces 1/16" to 3/8" wide 
and .015" to .045" thick. $4.90 plus shipping. These strips 
can algo be used to make lock picks and tension wrenches - 
But don't tell them you want some lock pick stock! 
If you'd rather not spend any money, follow a motorized 
street aweeper around until the operator stops for coffee or 
lunch. A mimute or two with your wire cutters (ordinary 
pliers may be inadequate) and you will have all the .025" x 
1/8" spring steel you want. 
"WM" of Canada adds: I grind my own picks out of the 3/8" 
(that's three-eighths of an inch) spring steel fichtapes 
used by electricians. The "Key" to suécessful picking is 
PRACTICE. 
‘The most effective method I've discovered for heat treat- 
4ng tension wrenches (and all other small springs) appeared 
in an earlier edition of Brownell's catalog. Heat the steel 
to a dull red and bend it to the desired shape. Reheat it 
and quench it in water. Dry it off, Carefully - it ie 
brittle. Coat it with ofl. Then light it and allow the ofl 
to burn off, When it cools, test it. If it breake, Sorry, 
Charlie! You didn't heat it enuf, If it bends, you over~ 
heated it and annealed it. Reheat and shape it, quench and 
temper, If it's just right, nice work! 
Using 
Your New Toye 
We'll build up your confidence by starting with the 
easiest lock.of all to pick: the ten wafer Juncunc (American) 
padlock. They look very impressive with a heavy shackle 
(which often is brittle because of the chrome plating, instead 
of tough as 1t should be) and "twin balls lock it solid". 
But when it comes to security, they are "June". The pick ia 
mightier than the hacksaw or pry bar! We'll use a 1/4" ball 
¢ 
=Sc—_ 
pick. The key way is so wide-and thick that the pick can 
‘be made from an old hacksaw blade. Insert the tension wrench 
and apply moderate tension, Insert the pick, raking the wafers 
down one side and the wafers on the other side on the way out. 
Often you can open it on the first pass. You may be as fast 
as they are on television, If you take more than five -5- 
count ‘em FIVE seconds to pick a Junc-er, you definitely need 
more practice! 
After opening one 90 easily, it may be hard for you to 
believe this, but many trucking companies use the Juncune 
lock. 
If you have a warped sense of humor (If you didn't, 
you wouldn't be reading TAP) and if you're willing to risk 
& possible Federal rap, you might want to swap locks on a 
truck. If you remain nearby to observe the driver'a reac- 
tion when he returns and learns that his key doesn't work, 
remember that you may find it difficult to keep a straight 
face. Your own imegination will provide you with many other 
ideas 
for ways to use your new toys. Good luck! 
Jim Phelps, with an 
inspiration by Guy Grand, The Magic Christian 
Dear Mr. Phelps, 
You recently requested that 
we process a change of addrass 
on your subscription to 
FLY FISHERMAN. 
We are unable te locate your 
subscription record. Please 
return this card with a recent 
label noting the date and 
tere cf ycur crder. 
In the event you 
rot every 10 eee dropped erations maxes re 
Thank you. 
delayed 
because they're routed tothe wrong post office, an internal 
i 
Postal Service 
sty sys. Atsistant Postmaster 
General Pete Dorsey 
Always include your 2ip code as the frig computer 
is REREL 
related the survey's findings to the service's governing board 
This ——tpe Post office will not deliver your 4 half dozen or so of 
Yemerday whec he taki the routing errors arise from mechanical 
or 
magazine without a correct ziP 
these, and I've never 
and burnan raistahee as well as improper ZIP codes. Dorsey sald 
(here were fewer roxting errors before humans were replaced by <a— This??? 
code. 
heard of some of the 
magazines!
Dear sirs: 
You've heard al} about the electronic stun Gun, the Taser. 
You may be surprised to learn that I devised’ and built a very 
similar weapon some 25 years ago. 
Altho ay device was very crude and clumsy (it weighed 12 
Tos, was bulky and had to be arranged on a belt and worn under 
a bulky topcoat) it was nevertheless a most devastating weapon 
and indispensable in a country which was in the middle of a 
wave of violence equal to that here today. 
My device was superior to the Taser in that it was capable 
of several shots before recharging and the darts were instantly 
retractable and reusable almost indefinitely. 
I used it on some really vicious thugs and was very grati- 
fied with the results. 
In every case they were totally inca- 
pacitated and suffered some very distressing traumas. They 
all suffered violent muscular contractions which dislocated 
Joints, tore ligaments from the muscles, and caused respir- 
atory arrest and crossed ribs. One of them impacted his 
lower teeth into the uppers. Some of them lost control of 
bowels and bladder, with such force that they burst their 
hemorrhoids, and expelled the contents of their stomachs at 
the same time. The thugs became very bloody, sticky, smelly, 
pissy, shitty messes. 
I did not wait around to evaluate the 
results, but learned of them from a lady friend who was a 
nurse in the emergency ward. 
Like the Taser, my weapon used a flashlight beam for aiming. 
The electrodes shimmered and scintillated in the light and this 
was the first thing the thugs remembered when they were able to 
talk, They were convinced they had been hit with a “Death Ray". 
At that time lasers and transistors had not been invented, and 
everyone dreaded what the Russians were up to. 
Twas delighted with the success of my invention, and fool- 
ishly applied for a provisional patent. This was my undoing. 
A few days later two detectives called at my house, demanded 
that I hand over the weapon, and then searched the place (with- 
out warrant, of course). 
They had no idea what they were looking for and left the 
device where it was, on the bench, disassembled. However, they 
did take away some expensive radar gear, and demanded that I 
give them the plans, When I refused and threatened to sue them, 
they gave me 24 hours to think about it and said they would be 
back. They never did come back, and are probably still wondering 
how I could possibly build a Death Ray out of what they stole. 
I did not dare rebuild my device and kept the design in my 
head. The provisional patent was delightfully vague and only 
told what my invention did, not how. 
When I came to America I was able to legally own a gun for 
protection and, as this is much more convenient, I didn't 
bother with the Taser again, at least until recently. 
Last year some re-invented the Taser (at least that's what 
they call it - mine didn't even have a name, so I'l] call it 
the Taser "A" or TaserA). Of course I was deeply intrigued 
and wrote to the mfr, telling them of my prior invention and 
of its ‘superior features and offered to sell them the idea. 
I wrote three times and they did not have the courtesy to 
answer any of them, 
I thought of making and selling the device but the BATF 
has now declared the Taser to be a firearm and subject to 
registration, and they would most likely make it all but 
impossible for me to manufacture the device. 
I am in a simi- 
lar position to the would-be merchants of red, white, and 
blue boxes. Your organization is doing the next-best thing. 
You offer plans for these gizmos, How would you like to offer 
your readers plans for a do-it-yourself Taser? {VES!7 The 
plans are still in my head so if the FBI, CIA, or AFL-CIO is 
reading this and planning to watergate me, they can forget it. 
I've been that route before. 
The cost today of my home-made version would be about $30 
{thirty dollars!) using readily obtainable parts from hard- 
ware, automotive, and thrift stores. 
If you should decide 
to “sophisticapholize” my original design and apply the latest 
technology of electronics, the finished product would cost 
about the same and would be the size of a pocket tape recorder. 
I invented several other useful devices including a tear 
gas gun and a pocket flame-thrower, Both of these worked well 
but I never had an opportunity to try them out in normal city 
life, and after my bad experience with the TaserA, 1 did not 
want to attract any unwelcome official attention. 
Please let me know soon if you are interested. I'm sure we 
can work out something to our mutual advantage and in the best 
interest of science. 
We need to develop a method of fooling the voice print iden- 
tification system. There are all sorts of possibilities to 
introduce electronic distortion. One simple method would be 
to use a voice muffler. The core tube of a toilet paper roll 
lined with fiberglas or sponge rubber can introduce enough 
distortion and a piece of tissue paper wrapped around a comb 
inserted in the rol) will produce some static, The beauty 
of this is that it's a throwaway device. 
Now here 1s a foolproof way to fool a lie detector, be it 
polygraph or voice stress analyzer, HYPNOSIS: A good subject 
in the hands of a very good hypnotist can be programmed to 
believe that the lies he will tell at a job interview or a 
court trial, are in fact, true.. 
Lie detectors are very unreliable on certain people, such 
as salesmen, politicians, and white collarscriminals. This 
is because they have trained themselves to be good liars. 
A salesman's lies éften show up in his voice and in his 
facial expression. That is why a successful salesman must 
always believe in himself, his merchandise, and his sales 
pitch. 
It's impossible to convince others unless you believe 
ft yourself, 90 you get the tdea? 
KayvaR 
We are VERY interested, We wrote you at the address you 
gave us, but the letter came back "Unknown", Please contact 
usit! 
oP 
dim, 
Is "Guy Grand" a real person (TAP #42), or is he a fictit- 
fous character you made up so you could interview yourself? 
Tom told me all the “Ask Hr. Phelps” questions were synthetic. 
Some of the coin-op (actually coin-returning, if you can 
believe it) lockers here use the kind of keys that the TAP 
article #35 said were used on parking meters. Neat! Are the 
dupe machines impossible to get, even by midnite discount? 
How true is Iljuminatus! anyway? 
Ted Vail 
Ton told you? Et tu, Tom? All of the 
My interviewee was a REAL 
Smarteass kid! 
questions were actually asked, 
person. Considering his bulk, { could almost say "larger 
than life". 
I met him thru a Libertarian Party State Chair- 
person. Considering the 
apathy of voters, that seems to be 
all the LP is good for: meeting a few good people, This SC, 
‘Jncidentally, was the first one to be accused of misappropria- 
ting Party funds. It happens in the best of families. 
The Ilco 21828 Mil-A-Key Key machine sells for $310 and 
this may be an old price. 
I used a borrowed New Hermes en- 
graving machine which costs even more. Those lockers are 
used by private individuals and I don't advocate ripping off 
people, only companies. 
Who really knows anything about the Illuminati’ Remember 
ny review and your niscion 
in $32? 
Jr 
Mission Incredible 
Anyone who read about the Israelis’ raid on Entebbe could 
not fail to be impressed, Did they carry their own magni fi- 
cent Uzi Submachinegun? No! They used the MAC-MIO with 
“sound suppressor". See TAP #52. 
iM PARTS and assombiies 
tor SMGs, 
Tam running this ad as a public unesrand'uone 
siswer se an ee 
service. The $2 catalog will 
ssssmbled unoetacewer wun Carine pare! 
tell all you could possibly want 
to know about the MAC and 1s one =e 
of the best values I've ever 
seen anywhere. 
Tubes —~ one cul it each $28. Send 
$2 for an 
fusicated calalog SPECIAL PARTS LTD, Box 
up 
2652 TAP atlanta, 
GA 30x57 
Back Issues are 50¢ each. Issue #50 is $1.00, ghento 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US Bulk rate $5. 
¢ 
‘ 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $7. 
= 
= 
Canada & Mexico First Class $7. 
wr 
A 
Foreign $8. 
oTHe 
IMPORTANT! Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
when writing to TAP about your subscription. 
Electronics Courses 
- 50¢ each. A - DC Basics, 
B - AC Basics, C - Phone Basics, D - Amplifiers. 
TAP Mugs - $4.50. 
TAP T-shirts - $4.50. Specify size and color : Small, 
Medium, Large, Extra Large. Black or red T-shirt 
with white TAP logo. 
TAP "Ma Bell Is A Cheap Mother" T-shirts - $4. 50, 
Specify size and color: Medium, Large, Extra Large. 
Blue, tan, or yellow, 
TAP "Cracked Bell" Button - 50¢ each. 
‘TAP Cassette Tape - $3.50. Hear Capt Crunch, Al Bell, 
Joe Engressia, and Bell Security Chief John Doherty. 
ZAP "The Telephone, #1" artist print - $3.50. Mounting 
instructions for Box concealment included. 
TAP "Ma Bell Is A Cheap Mother" Patch - $1. 50. 
Send cash. check, or money order to: 
TAP, Room 418, 152 West 42nd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036 
‘This is a mail drop only.
Your Mission: Join Operation Mindfuck 
Driving at speed across the Great Plains, I noticed in the 
distance one of the very infrequent billboards. SOCIAL SECU- 
RITY it said in large letters. As 1 approached, I wondered 
what the fine print said, Out here one never knows. Maybe a 
welcome critical blast by the John Birchers? Alas, no. 
Information 
Call 1-800-xxx-xxxx 
(It's different for each state. Call 1-800-555-1212 to learn 
the # for the state you live im) 
Social Insecurity also known as Social Slavery has a toll- 
free number we can use to learn about all the wunnerful bene- 
fits which (hopefully) await us. Or...we can use the # to 
subtly, gently,...harass! We can ask if it's true that The 
System is a bankrupt pyramid scheme which we'll never get as 
much out of as we're forced to “contribute”. We can ask how 
to apply for "non-religious conscientious objector" status 
and stop throwing money away. Me can implant the seeds of 
doubt in bureaucrats’ minds (or whatever they have),..tie up 
the lines...innocently, of course. 
Remember the “turn in a junkie” toll-free #? 
It didn't 
work too well. People either ignored it, or turned in anyone 
they didn't like, junkie or not, 
Hail Eris! 
ap 
Buggers Beware... 
Untappable Phone! 
‘The San Diego-based electronics firm, 
‘Aegis Electronics, bas announced devel- 
‘opment of the wortd’s first “secure” 
(telephone targeted for the popular con~ 
sumer. ‘The “Shield 100" protects its 
user “from unauthorized eavesdropping 
either by wiretap intrusion or by radio- 
transmitting ‘tugs In bis office,” ac- 
carding to Aesis. 
‘The Shield 100 is just like a regular 
phone “except that it has a small antenna 
‘and 
a row of little fights" 
and operates 
“outside the telephone company's sormal 
Phone was never even 
ace or eavesdropping 
de 
‘Once 
installed, the Shield 100 autowatically 
and 
continously sniffs the air for eavesdrop- 
pers, 
‘White citing the public's concern over 
“ranauthorized eavesdropping,”” Aegis” 
greatest sympathies are reserved for 
“tecision makers in business, tabor and 
politics. ."* Compantes involved in highly 
sensitive defense work require 
tight se- 
arity, companies “‘which bid on mull 
milion doltar jobs” fret sbout industria 
espionage; and labor 
unions and national 
political leaders have 
“a very real fear 
of cavesdroppers," according to Acgi 
prove this ‘point Aegis “President 
Haig Arakelian refers to 2 1975 survey 
of 372 corporate securily officers coa- 
ducted by the Federal Commission on 
Wiretapping shich revealed a 
significant 
forty percent 
of those responding were 
reat (Rizht now, phone freaks sre pondering 
“worried” or ‘Nery worried” aboutelec- 
—Weorren THEWDEST 
BLS 
EB wnetner this device would “stielo” users 
trooic surveillance, Arakelian claims the 
‘SELECTION OF 
FE=cEG 
wy trom shone company detection when mak- 
Shield 100 could’allay “bout ninety per- 
SELF-LIBERATION BOOKS 
bold 285 ing long-distance calls...) 
IN THE WORLD. 
“3 ,EF 
2% 
The Shicid 100 is as versatiteasen 
FEE 
droppers are insidious. The system will 
SEEC ESS 
detect aM 
transmitters, 
mi 
XY 
Think of how knowledge 
on these 
5 Egat 
infinity transmitters (bar- 
aubjects can make yout life better. | am 
380 gee E 
5), remotely-activated and 
EEZER™ 
connd-activated transmitters, extension 
‘Then send for our catalog. It’s an 
fg. 
‘SE phone listening, automatic tape recorder 
education 
in 
itselt—the best doll: 
= 
5 
itches 
and 
low ii 
taps. 
Among, 
LIGHT 
schcation la 
best doll | 
& zal switches and low impedance 
taps. 
A CANDLE 
= Eeesis 
“the 
highest 
te 
ee ee ee 
ES 
nological 
sophistication available In se- 
Loompanics Unlimited 
M scue 
care Melephones today” is not impervious. 
nd bum away the darkness... 
Box 264 
@ F5SGZ2 the Acgis Myer admits “the Shield 100 
ook ai 
‘Mason, Michigan 48854 
& yl 
Bsy 
camo detect room microphones wich 
ook at 
this: 
ay 
are 
directly wired to eavesdrogper's re 
Enclosed is $1.00. Please | @ SESCSE 
‘Nor ean it detect induction 
type 
FREEDOM OF CHOICE 
sush me your catalog, 
> d283F 
In these 
WAYS EXISTS FOR 
pat 
HOSE WHO SEEK IT. 
Name. 
3 a 
HH ta ths aenle Bicctrenies 
‘The Unloppable Phone 
. 
secur 
ici 
instru- 
cent" of those fears. 
Hf you are reading this magazine, 
Address, 
ory 
tment, he purchaser iI receive. "ato 
“Unfortunately, the Sblelé 100 will re 
you know all about the theory 
_ 
SELS™ aE chars, a physical search 
and full secur- 
main outside -the grasp of the 
average 
of freedom, 
City. 
e aeatae ity sweep to ‘clear 
the area of concern of een es secure telephone 
sells for 
We sell books on the practice of | | State____Zip. 
Ueegey any possible existing sarreptitious sur- 
Iyer concludes. 
“eon 
esbssk 
pe OR 
Books on improvised 
weapons, 
seifdetenae, "reareaing, egal 
ott: 
Long-time readers will recall my article in #33 about the 
and. paralegal activities, lock- 
Just kidding 
Universal Product Code used in supermarkets and how to rip it 
Picking, maney-making opportun, 
: 
off by gluing low priced codes on high priced items. The June 
explosives 
survival skills, and 
oon 
Oka. couple 1978 Mother Jones featured an article about the experiences of 
mock, mur smote, 
‘gery iapped by five pal 
a over 
three conspirators who did just that. The checker either be- 
tod net giren a 
taste ear lfeved the fooled computer rather than her own eyes, or didn't 
. 
indow | 
“Help. We 
." 
care. 
Not 
all 
of them will 
be 
this 
dumb or apathetic. 
QUESTIONS 
FCR BUREAUCRATS... 
"Atta 
the 
les hey were stopped and eee ee 
‘instead of gluing a UPC from a salt carton on a can of 
Years ago when the Lefi's pot smoters. Pye hands. 
ctims 
of The Midnight Knack. the 
Right snickered. Then the Right began 
experiencing - The Midnight Knock. 
Remember 
that Maryland collector whose 
inert grenade got him a BATF bultet in 
the brain? 
long slit ute people 
to reaie 
that 
The Government ts 
june hes Ns ova pet or be daca 
want gored, and to Hell with everyone 
else's. So the cancer of Government 
spreads. The sheep become apathetic or 
brainwashed by Tweedledee and Twee- 
ledum—and the cancer spreads. 
There is a ray of hope from time to 
ime, however. I can’t imagine how the 
Freedom of Informstion Act and the 
Privacy Act passed (with 1984 so few 
‘years away), but some people are making 
‘good use of it. Bill Drexler, the tax rebel 
(Box 22569. San Diego. CA 92122), de 
signed a 
“Public 
Servant's Quest 
He claims that “public servants’ 
by law to answer the ques- 
tions omit It reportedly fs very effective 
in dealing with bureaucrats, mast of 
whom do mot fike to reveal personal 
information, such 
as their home address, 
Thaven't 
had a chance to use one yet, but 
am looking forward to it. | believe that 
after San Jose s stack of these should 
‘beat every Gun Show... 
‘Jim Phelps 
New York. New York 
Soldier of Fortune March '79 
use the UPC froma small size package of an item on the "large. 
economy size" of the same product. 
Address all mail and checks to : 
ROOM 418,152 W.42 ST, NY 10036 
oP 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.