On TAPTOM a” EDISONOn behalf of myself and the TAP staff let mewish all our readers a healthy, happy, andprosperous 1983 WEW YEAR. As has been my policyfor the past few years, my initial column isgeared primarily for all of our new subscribers,however, all of you long-time subscribers shouldread it too. The TAP office is being swamped withwhat I call "error" mail. This mail is wasting thevaluable time of the TAP staff. To help ease thesituation, let me again state TAP policy. Freesubscriptions are available to prisoners ONLY,providing they list a prison address, Free backissues are NOT available to prisoners. The postageig very expensive and most prisons won't deliverthem anyway, especially after they've opened themup for inspection and seen the type of informationthat is in them. Our current number of freeprisoner subscribers is large and the cost forthis service is being shared by all. If you areunemployed and cannot afford a subscription, sendfor your issues One at a time. If you cannotafford $8.75 a month for an igsue, you are in evenworse financial shape than you realize!Payment MUST accompany ail orders. PLEASE printor type your name and address. We cannot read yourscribbling and chicken scratching which you callhandwriting. If we can't read your order, don'tcomplain to us that you didn't receive your order!And please write your name and address on yourletter. A number of you lazy bastards are justsending in a check with no other letter ofinstructions. How the hell are we Supposed to knowyou want? If your check ig sent to our bank beforewe've had a chance to get your name and addressoff of it, your order is lost) We are receiving alot of mail with no addresses on it. Again, if youdon't list your address, how the hell do we knowwhere to mail your order?EPFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1983 TAP subscriptionrates are $6 for a Bulk Envelope sub and $10 for aFirst Class sub mailed in a plain white envelope.We have eliminated the old bulk stapled rate. Itwas too time and energy wasting. Please note thatall TAP subscriptions and orders are prorated. Ifyou send in an insufficient amount of payment youwill get your order proportional to the amount ofyour payment.We are getting stuck with a lot of rubberchecks from you cheap bastards! EFFECTIVEIMMEDIATELY: all personal checks MUST clear yourBank before we will ship your order. Ordersaccompanied by certified checks, money orders, andCABH will be shipped immediately. Remember, the10% discount applies to CASH only. It does WOFapply to checks or money orders made payable tocash. CASH refers to the green currency of U.S.vintage supposidly backed by Big Brother in D.C.When you REWEW your subscription, please sendus one of your mailing labels, preferably thelatest one. The code numbers and letter in theupper right corner help us to locate you on ourcomputer list. I have been asked a number of timesby readers just what those code numbers and letterstand for. The first number is the first issuenumber of your subscription. The next number isthe first issue you will miss if you do not renew,The letter is your sub type: "B" for bulk; "F" forfirst class; "E" for export; “C" for Canadian.Some of you have an "EZ" on your labels. This stoodfor an experimental sub type : the "Elite" firstclass sub. This is being phased out and willeventually be replaced by the letter "F".We mail two issues in each mailing to save onpostage. Two issues weigh under one ounce. Issuesare published monthly except for the summer monthswhen we take a well deserved vacation. Allsubscriptions run for ten issues and are mailedaround the beginning of January, March, May,September, and November.Readers are incouraged to send in news clips,items of interest, and written articles forpublication. All articles MUST be typed orcomputer printed using a five (5) inch type columnwidth. Any other format will be rejected.Newspaper and magazine articles and/or clips canbe ANY size. We use these as fillérs and needvarious sizes.I hope this clears up some of the things you,new readers wanted to know about TAP. Feel free towrite to TAP anytime. TAP is YOUR newsletter!
TAPROOM 603147 W. 42 ST.NEW YORK 10036JANUARY 1983 No. 81Securtty Atert ¥by Ox Y. MandiasYour telephone toll recorda (the Utatina of your longdiatance calla that accomrantes your bill each nonth)provides a handy dtarv of who you kno (6 know vell),where vou are going or have been, ete. These are avail-able inthout errant to the ytga and can 4 are unedapatnet vou tf vou're suspected of hanky-panky by the man,They're great for Linking vou to others in a consy7racyor finding vou tf you decide to take tt on the lan."Skip tracera” (bill collectors .and other free-lance pigs)alao find then useful for the sane reason. So tf vouplay around or ltke vour privacv, take note 4 use payvhones (and not aluaus the sare one), A vord to the wise,To all dope chertiata, or would-be dore chernato, letme reiterate: buying chericala fesrpectally watched pre-cureore) from an above-crowid chertcal company IS A BUSTaconer or later - and probably cooner, for that matter.The company tn uauqlis either a PEA ating oreratron orcooperating utth the narka, A iMtohtaan TAPer vho learnedthe hard vay from Terrill Setentific eucgeata buralar-tzing etther a college enem Lab or chen sigply house toavoid these pitfalls. A Texas TAPar who save ms: varningsaved his aak, pent in aptrece fron the Dallan Observer(28 Sert/82) about Geornta Lab Supply ( a DEA front outof Pecatur, Ga., vho fiohed for suckers bu mantna ado tinHingh Tiree § Rollina Stone). In the case described, atracking “beeper” was hidden tn a mamette ottrrer to keetrack of the consptrators when they picked up the ship-ment of cnena & equipment. fmiversel Solvents out ofChieaco ta another sting oreration to he vary of,Rerember, to get cherneala: I) steal then, 2) have antnotde contact at a chen corpany get then, 3) have aninside contact at a company that legitimately buua thechemicala vou deatre, 4) uce several separate “mules”& pass the chemicais between people & locattons over arertod of at least 6 months, 5} sunthestze your precursorsfrom simpler wwatched chemicala, or 6) synthesise aLenal analogue.The drun outia) should alao be aware that the recentmerger of the FBI & the DEA probably apelle trouble withthe uce of the FBI's more saphtisticated investigativemethods, such aa wiretaps ¢ nae of financtal records,whtoh the DEA often tgnored or botched,The °.I.C.0, $ Continu tng Crintnal Enterprise (21 USC848)statutes are also comidg tnto vogue agatnst dope criminala,They require precious little proof @ carry tine measuredtn the decades,A new bug used by law enforcenent types te destmmed tothwart da-bugging sweeps with RF detectors. This deviceutilizes a spike microphone (a contact or remote mia -mayaleo be used) to ptck up conversation from the targetedroom externally, through the wall, The mc input te nowused to modulate an tufra-red bean which ts atmed at aline-of-sight IR recetver 50-75 yarda aay (on the topofa talephone pole ta favoured), which picks up thebeam with a IR photocell, recovers the audio-freq. signal,and then retranemite it on a standard RF transmitter.The purrose of thie rowid-about way of eavesdropping 6to avotd having a source of RF anergqu tn the room or inthe twmedtate vicinity that my be picked up ina sweeputh a field-strength matér. Only a good (inside andoutstde)} physteal search of the premises will wicover thistupe of bug.And speaking of invastoma of privacy, an arttole inSotence (3 Sept/82) detaila the methodology ofwiretappingby intercepting the signals of microwave relay towers.The apectfica of this are datatied in advanced terme inthe NTIS publicattoneI mentioned inaiarticle some timeAgo«This has been Oz Y. Mandias, reminding you to live faat,die yowlg & leavea good locking corpse.

BUYING CHEMICALS Dy Dr. AtomicAs you may know, buying chemicala and reagentsis not as easy as welking into Radio Shack andbuying a bagful of reaistors and diodes. For anething, Radio Shack won't call the DEA on you.The technologist who seeks chemicals for his hodbies, whatever they may be, if he does not followeatablished buying procedure, ig automatically aa-aumed to be an illegal drug manufacturer, and theCheaical Supply Rouse (C3H) seles egents will callin the DEA to investigate.To avoid repeating others’ mistakes, it ia halp-ful to know what dogsan't work. The moet COnERONmethod of purchasing chemicals that does not workis a method I call the “Get The ChemicalsAnd TryTO Shake Them" method. I[n this method the Tech-nOlogiat goes into the CSH "cold" to make a pur-chase. He suspects that thay will call the author:ities on him, but he chinka that he can shake theaurveillance. Although it can be done with someJames Bond style tactics, the failure rate is high,perhaps as high a# 73%. Dr. Atomic does not re~commend this method,Sneaking by the CSH salas people is difficult.To give you an idea of what you are up against,here are a few things that they watch out for:naw accounts: caah purchases; out of town customers; individual (not corporate) purchases: allorders for drug pxecursocs; customer pick ups:hippy appearance; and lack of expertise in usingthe nomenclature of chemistry.The second moet common method of obtaining chemli-cala that does not work, in many cases, is buyingon the Bleck Market. The reason why the Black Mar-kat ia no good, in general, is because the DEA isout there selling precursors (or fronting then),hoping to lure in sme unwary technologist. He-ware of ating Operations, many of which are runthrough classified ads, Although you may know thequy you sre getting the chemicals from, le the DfAis involved anywhere along the supply route, you'llprobably pick-up a camapirecy charge (thought-crime), which carries a penalty of 5-15 years,This is no game.Mow thet we know whar doesn't work, here's themethod that has a better probability of success.I call it the "Inside Job". IJIt's simpler get ajob at a place that has the chemicals and helpyourself, CSH's, manufacturing industry, and labaare good choices.If you aren't able to do the Inside Job yourself,check your list of friends to see if you have some-one who can get the cheme from where be works. Ifyou don't have such a friend already, perhape youcan arrange to have a friend infiltrate some bDusi-noses with the chems. The rule is that you have tokeep control of your ling of supply and not haveany police or informers in it.The inside job has many possibilities. Por ex-ample, one could start his cen company and run“the siphon”. The manufacture of perfumes, essen-tial oils, and inaectisides are business that usea wide range of chemicals. To be successful withthis approach, one has to actually carry on a le-gal buisness. It’s a lot of work, but you secure@ long-term, relatively sefa source of supply.Y have stated this before and will repeat ithera again because it is important: ALL CHEMICALSARE WATCHED CHEMICALS, Som are hotter than others,of course. But all of the immediate drug precur-gore such ag phenylacetic acid, benzyl chioride,and methylamine will almost always set off an alert.If you are ordering Precursors to your business,you must be able to justify their use in your manufacturing of aales process.The days of just walking in and miying chemicalsFast and easy ar@ Over. There are no fast ways,for ail practical purposes, to safely buy chemicalsother than by having a friend “inside”. The grimreality that we must face is thet the practice ofchemistry is in effect Being prohibited to indivi-~duals,Tt is maid that freedom of the press belongs tohe who owns the press: likewise, freedom of theactice of chemistry belongs to he wid controlais source of supply — ocr owns it.
ATM TECHNOLOGY by Jolly RogerMany banks and S&éL's are now issuing debit cardsas well ase credit cards. These debit cards allowwithdrawals from one's account either ower thecounter or from Automatic Teller Machines (ATM's).The Parzonal Account Mumber (PAN) is embossed onthe card, while the Personal Identification JAmber(PIw) im encoded on the magnetic stripe ghued ontothe back of the card. Since the PIN number is sup-posedly known only to the holder, if the card isaLost or stolen it atill canmoct be used.Usually the holder of the card inserts it iatothe ATM, punches in his PU! nmumber (sometimes thePAN number as well), and the machine sacans che cardand relays the information to a computer via telephone lines Xf everythingchecks out the moneys issued.Daily limits vary and can be as low as $100 a dayox vary with the size of the account, ATM's azetruly the wave of near term banking future, andtens of thousands of them are being inetalled allover theworld eachyear Gue to their success andpopularity.There are generally five ways a machine ia protected: 1) primarily by the secret, encoded Pirmumber;:; 2) limits of daily witbdrawala; 3) auto-matic card confiscation by the machine under cer-tain circumstances; 4) photos taken of the userby the machine; and 5) silent alan.It is interesting that stories appear where amachine "goes crazy" apd coughs up lotsa of monayto scmecone that turns it back into the bank, butthe stories of fraud are not printed in the mediaor even shared between banks usually.The machines can be defeated thru several stra~-tegiesa much as stealing the card from the card-holder and decoding the PIN, having a debit accountand demying your withdrawals by having scmecne elseuse your card, employees within the bank atealingliets of PAN/PIMN muabera and mexing up bogus cardscomplete with mag-strip, putting false fronts onthemachines to collectcardsand money from legiti-mato users, tapping tha phone linea with a tape re-corder and replaying it the next day, tapping thePhone linea and deciphering the code and feedingdn your own information, working in the bank andprogrammingthecomputer to thinkyour account hasmore moneyin it than it really does, or for thereal wizard to fiqure out an electronic device thatwould tap in the phone lines and order the machineto simply empty iteelf. There are other mathodsonly limited by the imagination.About the most practical and productive way issimply to photograph users of ATH'a with a talePhoto leans and portable video tape movie camera,replaying your movie at your leisure and copyingdown all the PIM and PAN numbers. Then, one cantake plain blank plastic carda and uae an encodermachine to put the information magnetically ontape andglue it to the cards, The tape has theVAM nmusber, PIW musber, and lastly a "check digit”Gerived from the foregoing two manhers.Any good book on computer technology for creditcards will explain how to figure check digits,Get yourown debit card from the bankanddecodeit to make sure you areuaing thesame formula forthe check digit.You can decode mag-stripe by using a “raader“connected to a “writer” available at slectronicscutlets, or by placing chromium dioxide tape overthe mag-strip and heating it with a 300 degree iroato transfer the information, or by using a magneticGeveloper to produce a hard copy of the encrypteddata.Reading the right books will answer any questionsyou have about encoding, decoding, encryption,check digita, or whatever, Encoding machines areavailable from companies that sell "Credit CardEquipment & Supplies” in your Yellow Pages,Por the less imaginative a LAW rockat will prob-ably loosen up the money cartridge from a suburbanATH very nicely.

The ARFANET(Part Ill: General Metnotes)by Fred SteinbeckThis is my last column {in the ARPANET series ofarticles, although thera may be occesional updatesin the future. This column will try ta covermiacellaneovus information that didn't fit anywhereelse, and things like that...gar'u SarvicesThe Network Information Centec (MIC) at SRI canbe very Relptul in nethacking. The last columnaentioned the NIC computer (host 0/73), and talkedabout uaing that for getting information on theARPANET.However, SRI ham other Functions. First off,they publish two excellent books. The firse, the1,020 page ARPAMET Rasource Bandbdbeok (WIC documentaumber 47500), telis all about each computerconnected to the ARPANET. This book algo listy thenatwork liaisons (people who ere the resident gurusat various places connected to thea nat) and how toget in touch with then.Another book is che 560 page ARPANET Directercy(NIC document numbar 49000). This book lists ailthe legitimate (and sometimes illegitimate) usersof the ARPANKT. This itm the book that [ usa themost, a8 it is more current than the ReseurceBandbeok (March '82 as compered to February '80 forthe Handbook). The Directory also iists thephysical locations of TIF's and TAC’s, end manyother useful things.These documents Can be ordered (free, no less)from the NIC swt SAI International. They preferARPANET mail, so if you have access to the net formatiing, sand a S@nsage to MIC@SRI-NIC. [f youmust, phone (415) 8539-3695, or Telex 334463. If youdo any of thease things, be prepared to lookofficial...Oh, yeah: ask to be put in the ARPAWETdiractory. They used to have an (int#elligent)policy of limiting che people in the directory toauthorized users, but then they started allowinganyone to be put in it. Mail to WIC@SRI-WIC andinclude your name, Physical mail address, networkmail address, and your phone number.Goed ComputersThere are a number of good computers fornethackers. The first, and tha most famous, is theArtificial [ncelligence lab computer at MIT(MIT-AI). This ig host address 2/6, There ‘eaprogram there which you will want to ran, calledACCOUNT. Thia allows you to get a gueat account anthe System. Unfortunately, at the time of thisweiting, the MIT~AI gsyatem was scheduled to betaken off of the net and raplaced with MIT-0O2Z,which hag better account security.If you do manage to get on the system, there 18an INFO program which will teach you many thingaabout the ARPAHBT, and while it is obnoxious touse, it's very educational.Another good one is the Stanford UnlversityArtificial Intelligence Lab computer (SU-AI ofcSAIL}. This {gs host O/11. SAIL hap an extensivehelp library (just type “help") and you can leatn agreat amount here, too. Alga, one of the helpcommends ("help help*® gets a list of topics)produces a huge list of various Computers connectedto various networks (including some phone numders).Governaent ComputersPor those of you wha are into breakinggovernment Computers, you m@y want C6 Cry some ofthese syatems:Caina~Gateway, host 1/57. THis computer allowsaccess to the Community Online [ntelligence Systema(COINS), which is ee aubnet of the ARPANET,. COINSitaelft allows accesa to a restcicted subnet of theCOINS net.
Tycho, host 0/57. The Tycho computer is cun bythe Macional Securiry Agency. I have fo {dam whatit does, as the only intormation I have on it ig a6 line description which teliia nothing abouc it.PRNT-OMIX, hoat 3/26. This computer is used for"text processing and administrative support” (yah,I bet...) by the Ajr Porce Data Services Center,The Pentagon, I have heard that this system wanpenetrated by a phreak and nothing interesting wasfound, but he could have missed something.These are only some of the governmentalcamputers Connected to the nat. I wouldn't beaucprised if there are more syateBs on the net thanthey say there ere.,. 80 go wild, peoplel Pindthose systems and report ‘em to TAP
Mere WIIX Wizardryby Fred SteinbeckOkay, a8 promised in fasue number 79, here isanother interesting thing which can be done to whatjust may be the world's least eecure aperatingsystem: UNIX. Actually. I suppose the honor af"least secures O87 has to go to the ITS operatingsystem, developed by MiT, but who cares?Anenzy@ous MeasagesEver wanted to leave @ message advertising TAPon your UNIX system, but didn’t want your nemeassociated with !t? well, here's how to do it andremain safe From the “suthortitionsa”.On UNIX, to put a Bulletin itn on the systenbulletin board, you give the command “Mail mage’.Well, a@ it turns out, there 18 no mail accountcalled “mags”. But {f£ wa check the €ile /uar/bin/ailases, we find a liat of mail aliames. Thar is,this fille conralna ali the aliases which cause mailto be delivered to somebody else instead of who itwae mailed to.Ir so happens that there is an alias for "maga",and it translates to the program "/usr/din/msqs —s*which is the program to post messsges on thebulletin board. The "~@" taellm it to post theBOSEAGSB, NOL to read old ones.Anyway, first creare a file which looks exactlylike one generated by the Mail program, That is,one which hes a "Prom: blah*, a "To: blah” and 4“subject: blah" Clald im it ~ look at any letteryou've received and copy that pattern. Anyway,change the “From:" header to a suitable, non-existanc name like “phr@wak", the “Tor” field toread "msgs", the subject to vhataver you want, andthen gave the file (which we will call "file", forgmake of argument).Than give the command:cae Clie | /usc/dbin/mags —swhich will put the message on the bulletin board.This proved handy when I broke into a U.6. Geolog-ical survey computer and put up some TAP ads.Didn't surprise me much that the next day thapasawords for all accounts were changed...

CREDIT CARDSby Simon JesterYou have probatly heard that Dell is going toeliminate third party billing soon. Very goon, Agaarly as January 19&3 in some places. They claimthat there is too much phraud. So they are only goingto allow collect and credit card calle from payhonee. That was the good news. Here's the bad ners.he 11 is changing the way credit card codes will temade up. seliatle sources tell me that the new CC'swill still contain your area code and number, butthe “AC code and check digit will te replaced by athrec dinit code. The object,:of course, is to keepus from making up cards.sone sources say the new codes will te random,and cannot he detertined sinply from knowing thephone numter, while other people tell me that thenew codes will te created fron the numter, like avery complicated version of the present check digiteycten. rel] would prefer totally random codes,tecause they \:ould te almost impossitle to break,Tut it would require an operator to verify everycerd every time » CC call is made. This wouldroqulre o very larse computer systen, it is notbeyond elite capacity, tut it sould certainly bevery exrensive. If the code is creuted from thephone nuacer, if would te possitle for each cperufor(or » snall nicro) to check each code vithout adarye centre] computer. / ‘auch chesper alternative,rat met as secura, ag we vould eventually figureout the formu]a used to nake up codes. 1] tend tothink they ~11l opt for the completely random codes,tut it is nerg to tell, and the upcoming split intoe2@ seperate conpsanies maker it very hard to vredict °what will happen, if anyone of you faithful Tkreaders learne anythine stout the nev CO systen,plese write it up and send it in.70uU May have seen those tluc payphonce bellir inctallinc that don't tuke snoncy, tut only wllo::you teke ‘suxe collect or cL calle, -any of thea willSJlo. you to age & 0 call without ever talxin;, toan operator. (Jom regular psyphoner work this waytoo noo) Zou juct Jit] area codet+number, ann urocores:. wolee cows on ans tells you to punen inyour vs muder or 2 for w huan cperetor. sou ucuallywae" en.moens: te sen the cose right. hic is «TIL an eh ty vay to cone JU codes and ose ifthey ure tha ll waol., a hheeve ulso neard thut when theNev sl ty7 tem an pub incon e*fect, you will te uctletO #7 Up 69 tne ulus psypnener, anit pur in « zpeoie)coupe inetee. of tne regular ? Gigit eose om certaincirac, en you ill set sevecial atilities. 1 heveND Veeg VN che ve ebilitios core or nov thic vwerks,mut te dr ercicnes Sor internal .zeli use only,vrtil tar ne Ss) cote nyetoa it put into eftict,Aore’. a hin’ on .atting foot curic. cellis tryine“ee eworvyon: ta ure tacir “calling cards" (tnoirnov ior 271] erecit c3ran), so the carug are resan. urane thoa jg cheaoer tnan nozt other operatoravsaetod calls. cut often the operator not onlychect. bo -.se if the eneck cave is good, but to seo<7 the cord rotlly evists, Thie means it is ucelulty neve u rool credit cart code availatde vnenneceaesary. sf hive .ell nake up G@ resl coue foryou, like tniss look ug some nuaecr in the phonecoos, Coll us che Yppropriste cilling office, andresuest ug CO fnxr that numer. we sure you kno thenoaac, Sucrese, anu phone nu-iler you sre supposedlyculling frou, “he card itself is free, 3c it won'tshot up on tne guys bill. .hen the care shevws up inhis mail, he nay ack bell rhat it is, anc they'lltel? hin, ut tne; will proratly suggest he kcvpit in case ne cver wants to use it. You, of couree,have maje up his coaplete CC couc (including uAvcove #n@ check digit) anu can now use w# reul genuineTell crecit card, .nen he gets his till with allyour calls on it, he ill coi;nplain to Utell who willtuke the charges off and absorb the cost of yourphone calls. “he curd ought to be good for a fevmonths tefore it is turned off. remember to onlycal people who hava short aemories of rho calledthen, or call payphones. This systen ought to keepyou all in CC codes until the new CC system is putinto effect. If you don't know how to make up aco code for a phone number using the RAC code andcheck digit, write to Tom for a copy of TAF factsheet /1: Credit card calling hints", 50¢ a copy.See Tap ,72 for the 1982 check digits.
we
Technology IllustratedWhat thet was about, anyway.by Cheshire CatalystA few months ago, I was contacted by aneditor of Technology Illustrated magazine inBoston. They had heard of us through a freelanceJournalist In Boston, and wanted to doa featurestory on the "Technological Underground”, and wewere the closest manifestation of this that theycould find. After al), the uter Criminals"that get away with all manner of evil deeds can'tbe found, and wouldn't want to be written up inany case.TAP's philosophy in such Instances is toprovide information to anyone who requests {t. TAPIs, after all, the keeper of The ForbbidenKnowledge, or at least the knowledge that Bell,and other utiltties end corporations andgovernments don't want you to know. We normallytry to keep a low profile so that Bell and theothers won't think us a target worth bother!about, and so we generally try to have the word oour existance travel only by word of mouth. Theonly times we've gone out seeking publicity wasfor the Phone Phreak Conferences we've occassionlyheld over the years. Then, we needed to get theword out so that money we sunk Into theconferences out of our own pockets would at leastcome back, and we'd break even.In eases where Gentle Persons of the Presshave written in seeking us, I've sent out ourlittle press release ("For Release On Request") tothe people requesting the Info. Some have stoppeddown for a beer with us, and have even gottensomething Into print. Others just had a beer,While we've been written up in The WashingtonPost, Infoworld, The Silicon Gulch Gazzette, andeven Business Communications Review (which referedto me as “one of the counrty's best known PhonePhreaks,." Thanks for the compliment Jerry) as wellas other publications, we've never gotten theresponse from any of them as we've gotten from thearticle in the October Issue of Technology J1lus-trated,Reaction was immediate in some circles.}lost my job with the "Large Manhattan Firm” that Jused to work for, and Technology Illustrated lostthe Bell System as advertisers. As a result, I amavailable for consulting on how easy it would beto enter remote computer systems, and Tech I) !us-trated would like to get advertising from anyother telephone common carrier,If your companydoesn’t like Bell, suggest to your advertisingdepartment that Tech Il] might be a good place todrop an ad or two.Alot of people have written to ask how thehotographs were done. The lead photo of me Inront of a New York City pay phone was taken on43rd St between Sth Ave and Avenue of the Americas(6th Ave to us New Yorkers). I had a rectagularmirror hot-glued onto a pair of sunglasses, and !was reflecting the evening sun back into thecamera lens. The shot of The Gang was taken infront of the Greenwich Village restaurant where wegather on Friday's after work. If you plan to bein New York on a Friday, write and ask where toshow up. The photographer set up his camera on atripod, set a high F-stop, set a multi-secondexposure, and as he snapped the shutter, we al)shook our heads. For those of you unfamiliar withNew York, the sillouette shot of me was takenagainst the background of a moving subway train. Iwas (I have to admit) rather embarrassed by theshot of my room, but once the photographer saw it,he said he had to shoot It. He sald it eaptured"The essenceof the Information Maniac."If you missed the article, I still heave a fewcopies left, and will be happy to autograph onefor you. Send $2.00 (for the magazine) and $1.50(for postage) to Cheshire Catalyst, at themaildrop address.Pot won’t get you in Dutch here: ; Fuscheds, the Netherlands —A youthcen- A 19% law gave jecal authorities the pewertoTOYOHASHI. Japan A.schootbey yesterday im an stterspt te herp weer from eriminalizedpossession of smallamounts, Dutchated his Mthbs by ang 2toy moving on to harderdru JSesticeMinistry officialssald.neNod w Ihbwthday rete ng After two years of debete, this city usar thePelicesandthe h. who ran away from homeon Centegra cavethe Kober] Y must be tested | quality andpurity ie modicial. Center permission sei] preductsmade from or an ofSuty }. was benk employes after 8 chaste. 81 hank ia form of mari lahoratery, gave his name as Clemens Pet