TECHNOLOGICAL 
AMERICAN 
PARTY 
OCTOBER 
‘73 
—. 
SPIRO AGNEW- is it really an anagram-GROW A PENIS??? 
-CCR- 
TAP DA. 
Destructory Assistance has a new List of subjects 
out, which you can find out about by sending us info 
on that or another subject. Lf you don't have info to 
trade, don't worry, we edit and condense the mat- 
erial and put it in TAP. To trade info with DA, just 
send us a stamped, self-addressed envelope large 
enough to hold: the info you want, which we'll try to 
find for you. Wait a couple of weeks for us to dig the 
stuff out of our files. We've got different schematics 
for blue and black boxes, articles on bugs, a copy of 
the Bell memo on tandem stacking, newspaper articles 
on phone phreaks, Free electric and gas meters, and 
lots more. This is TAP's major source of info so 
Please help us out. 
Our List of subjects is free 
with an envelope as above. And if computers is 
your thing, write to HEAD CRASH- DA's computer 
sword and information exchange to trade info. 
Peand if you're a computer novice, write for Head 
Crash's new Beginner's Course on Computers (50¢). 
More Head Crash Courses will be available soon. 
NEW RATES 1! 
Basis James are 505 oct. 
‘Bukperintions - *5 sesues - US Bulk rave $b, 
US Firat Ciass In plain scated envelope $7. 
‘Cantila & Mexie> First Class $7. 
Firelyn $8, 
LAPORTALT 
Includo malltag tabol ar Xorcx copy 
‘ate arity ta TAP abet your mbaeriptin 
ig ~ Manapaly $1.20. 
Courses 
- SOF each A - DC Eusics, 
Be baal, C= Sie 
TAP Tesnirts 
$4. Spe 
Sond anly check or monoy 
TAP, Room 418, 152 West ¢ 
ai 
fen, D- Amplifiors. 
a 
0991 
BUILD THE ANSWEROO 
1 watt, 
1000 chm, 
Relay 2 
Resistor 
AAA 
To red & green 
Phone line wires 
"A" Contacts 
<—"B" Contacts 
Lamp 
‘The Answeroo is a handy device offered by no one 
(yet) thet answers your phone before it rings, This is 
especially useful to lovers who live in their parent's 
homes and like to call each other late at night. Instead 
of the phones in the house ringing, a light or other ap- 
pliance (radio, TV, etc.) comes on. You can then go 
to the phone, turn off the Answeroo, and talk. 
Relay 1 is the Line Relay(Issue #17). When the phone 
rings, it sends current to Relay 2 and the light. Contacts 
"B" lock Relay 2 on, and Contacts "A" put the phone on 
hold(not free). Using a 56 volt zener diode in place of the 
1000 chm resistor would give a "free" hold until you ans- 
wered the phone, unless you then answer with a Black 
Box(Issue #11). The single-pole, single-throw on-off 
Switch, two 115 volt AC relays (one of them should be 
double-pole, the other single-pole, for relays 2 & 1 re- 
spectively), the 5 mfd, non-polar capacitor (200 volts 
or more), and a resistor are all you need. Cost-under 
$15. Have fun! 
HELP IS NEEDED 
We need more information on the following topics for 
upcoming articles in TAP, 
Toll Frau 
tors and Detection’Methods , and 
especially Black Box detectors(Hekiman Labs), We 
already have Teltronics info, 
ing Free Gas and Electricity -IMPORTANT- 
if you know anything about it please write in quick! 
Maqnets- We'd like to know all esoteric uses for 
magnets that you know of. 
DEFENSE FUND 
Please send whatever you can afford to prevent 
Abbie and his friends from being sent to Jail for 
Aife (no parole for 15 Years), because cocaine is 
classified as heroin (though it is non-addictive and 
shunned by junkies), Send your support to Abbie 
Hoffman & Friends Legal Defense, 640 Broadway, 
N.Y.,N.¥, 10012. Please don't sand cash, Thanks.
Hie 
‘This may 
end some of the confusion about the number 
to call which gives you a computer-generated voice 
. 
telling 
you your phone number: In NYC there are 4 
numbers-They are: 730, 840, 958, 880. One will always 
work(except in a few C,O,s) The numbers rotate each 
month, Other boros may lead or lag 1 month. List is 
for 1973 but I think it will be same next year. 
-FLH, NY- 
TAP- 
. 
You might tell Phellow Phreaks in NYC that there 
are 
three different 3-digit numbers to dial for finding out 
. 
the number you're calling from, and that they are _req-- 
donal, What's more, Pa Bell likes to switch 'em now & 
then to confuse us. That's the reason(they're regional) 
that one might work for one area but not another. They 
are; 958,311, and 221. If N, Y,C, telephone subscribers 
have suspected that the number of “additional message 
units" they're being charged for on their monthly bill is 
too high, it's probably true. I got it on good authority, 
(a former operator) that NY Tel routinely overcharges 
customers on additional m.u. 's every month. And they 
get away with it since message units are not verifiable, 
because they are not itemized like toll calls, You have 
to take their word. The padding takes place not in the 
computers but in Accounting, where Pa Beli's hard- 
working CPA's are under orders to pile on a heap of 
extra message units because who'll be the wiser? And 
when one complains to the B.O, Rep, that he keeps 
track of his calls and couldn't possibly have made so 
many, we're told that they will'theck 
our equipment"= 
@ ruse, a divérsionary tactic, because that's not where 
the skullduggery is being done. Get it? 
. 
-H.R, Holdafone- 
Dear TAP, 
; 
‘There existed among the gang back in Vancouver some 
very sick minds who delighted in setting various parts 
of a payphone 
on fire. What they would 
do is open the 
phone book up around the middle, pour gasoline on same, 
Placed a paper cup containing a particular mixture in it 
upon the soaked book and walk away. In about 
two min- 
utes, the book would be aflame and would parboil the 
Plastic handset into submission and if the booth itself 
was molded out of plastic, a cheerful blaze greeted 
the pigs and other such carbon compaounds, The mix- 
ture in the cup was about half 
a heaping teaspoon of 
Potassium Permanganate(chemical and hobby stores) 
and, to be added just before an innocent departure, 
one drop of glycerine(drugstores for ointment use). 
‘This pile of goodies usually erupts into a white hot 
flare capable of igniting almost anything, including 
gas fumes. The reaction, 
by the way, takes from 30 
seconds on a hot day with finely ground Pot Per to 
6 minutes on a cold day with clunky Compound P, 
Also ideal for quiet little garbage cans at school or 
maybe even Telco vehicle's gas tank in a small bag- 
gie or a gas sodden piece of construction that you 
feel is bad for the environment or simply remote & 
safe ignition of fireworks. Fagen Das Telefunken Ges- 
elischaftI! Freundlichst, 
-BW, MANITOBA- 
‘We have some inexpensive instructional plan sheets 
for the display models featured at the Convention. The 
2600 whistle perfector is a 2600 detector similar to 
existing toll-fraud detectors, The Displayed Red Box 
is similar to Issue #16's circuit with an improved IC 
timer, LED lights to demonstrate operation, and a 
few other improvements. The circuit can be used as 
a portable with a few changes wé explain, and 
is far 
more reliable than the older circuit, The Dual Tone 
Oscillator is a circuit for demonstrating signalling 
tones, and can even be uged as a simple blue box. The 
sheets are 15¢ each(free if you can't afford it). We | 
also have copies of the Convention schedule(free), 
including Cap'n Crunch's and Joe Engressia's #'s. 
YOU DECIDE-> 
TAP WOULD LIKE TO MAKE. 
‘A T-SHIRT FOR You. BuT WE. 
war youR OPINION, 
SO WAITE 
US’ 
+ 
+ HERE ARE. THE CHOICES. 
— 
Dear TAP, 
When using a blue box to call 
any country which is on 
the IDDD list, if it has a 2-digit country code you can 
leave off the zero from in front of the country code 
‘once you have obtained a register(i. 
e.-KP6122074 ST 
instead of KPO61 22074), It will be treated as a cust- 
omer-dialed call, which means you won't be able to 
reach the inward or other operators. If it is a 3-digit 
country code then it will be automatically treated as 
a customer-dialed call unless you use a special "op- 
erator country code" which starts with 0-& has no re- 
lation to the regular C. C. 
-H, GORDON LIDDY, NY- 
‘To Destructory Assistance- 
Two IOTC accessable areas are 202 and 713. Any WATS 
number such as 800-392-XXXXor 800-424-XXxXXto these 
areas will work. Also 800-447-XXXX. (IOTC means you 
can box KP 011 country code ST and you'll be automatically 
routed to the correct 18- sender). 
Is there a direct route to 
Moscow off of the 182 sender?(White Plains) I've been get~ 
ting some overseas point by dialing KP182ST, KP171121ST. 
It's usually a busy signal (distant) and when I call Japan and 
ask for Moscow she says it's too early in the morning and 
they don't answer. 
* 
Dial KP713141ST or KP202 141ST and ask for"overseas. 
routing for Paris France please", or whatever. Ask for 
IOTC, She'll give you ail the routing instructions(ignore 
"Mark XXX..."). Call KP713151ST. It's called "Ist at- 
tempt failure desk" and it will record everything you say 
to it, Play a radio newscast 
for them or talk about chone 
phreaking. 
-SW, TEXAS- 
NOTE: You can reach a Moscow Test Center by using 
overseas sender KP188ST, (although it's supposed to be 
served by NY4, 183) or IOTC KPO11071ST, then KPO71 
095080ST, when the trunk chirps play KPO1 6ST. A 
Moscow test board will answer. They often speak some 
foriegn languages(including some poor English). Also, 
try Israel, 972, or just 72. Here are some cities: 
- 
2-Jerusalem 53-08378-Tul Karem 65-23854-Genin 
3-Tel Aviv 53-98373-Nablus 
2-97-Hebron 
4-Haifa 
59-Elat 
2-922610-Auja 
§3-Natania 65-Afula, Nazareth 
.
Dear TAP, 
Did you know the restricted line feature of many Cen- 
trex installations can be bypassed? One may usually 
call outside by dialing 9 for an external dial tone and 
then dialing 
the number, provided 
that it lies in the 
local area. If more than 7 digits are dialed a record- 
ing comes 
on, But this may be bypassed by dialing 9 
then 0 followed immediately by the first digit of the # 
then complete dialing 
of the number without 
the area 
code. When the assistance operator comes on insist 
that you have been having difficulty, reaching the local 
mumber even though you've been dialing the area code. 
‘Then you ask her to try the numberfor you, billing it 
to a credit card or the centrex line. This 
info should 
be very useful, 
“JA, NY- 
Dear TAP, 
Toll restrictors are usually used at motels that have 
direct dial out type phones, A typical one will say " 
Dial 8 for local""Dial 9 for long distance". When you 
dial 8 or 9 you will get another dial tone and then you 
can proceed to dial your own local number. Some 
Phones you can dial info and/or 800 without the oper- 
ator coming on the line but these are rare and on most 
types, the operator comes on the line and makes your 
call. The toll restrictor will not allow you to dial "1" 
in order to make your own long distance calls. However 
‘several of these restrictors only protect the first and 
Second digits and can be beat in the following way. 
Dial the one digit shown on the phone to make local 
calls (usually 8) then dial the first 
two digits of the 
exchange you're in plus the digit 1 and you will find a 
new dial tone and the world at your fingertips. You 
may dial direct and the motel line is charged for the 
call, or you may use your favorite box without worry, 
assuming you have used another name at the register, 
~Sparky- 
Dear TAP, 
Tam an electronics technician 
by trade and a past 
em- 
Ployee of Pa Bell and Johnny General. I have been a 
Phreak since 1956 when I made my first free call, 
The resistance of the ringers is not the factor meas- 
ured when friendly test board "bridges" your line, The 
circuit(basically)that they use is as follows: 
You will re 
e the circuit as a simple ohmmeter, 
but why is the voltmeter connected in series?I don't 
know but Pa measures current with it. 100 volts of 
short" means a dead short on the line. Zero volts, an 
In 
In 
four home 
Phone Building 
x 
A lot of misc. junk 
47 
OW WE CATCH RED BOXERS 
by Milton Moritz, United Telephone System 
I personally view the red box as a much less dan- 
gerous item to us than the blue box. The basis 
for this 
is as follows: 
1, The red box does not work on all pay phones, The 
electronic tones which it produces match those of the - 
new "single slot" pay stations. Older pay phones still 
use the two internal bells to register the coins dropped 
into the phone. 
2, Telephone operators are trained the electronic 
tones. Our pay stations all produce exactly the same 
tones. If the red box is slightly out of adjustment, the 
operator will normally recognize the tone as abnormal 
and report the call for further inquiry or investigation. 
3, Each toll call, whether from a residence phone or 
pay station, is rated and billed by our computer. The 
amount of money collected from each pay station is also 
reported to data processing and a computer printout 
compares the calls billed te that station against the 
money collected. When a pay station starts going "short" 
we immediately check to see if this is electromechanical 
failure, operator error, data processing problems, int- 
ernal theft, or external theft, Thieves and cheats are, 
like the rest of us(our emphasis), creatures of habit, 
and their activities will form a pattern in a fairly brief 
period of time," 
Security Letter is an anti-ripoff newsletter for corp- 
orations that is itself a ripoff at $48/yr., and wb at- 
tended our convention last year without permission to 
rip us off and report on the convention in Telephony, 
Ed. Robert McCrie'‘s latest issue, we're told, rips 
off part of Ron Rosenbaum's excellent article from 
the Village Voice on our second convention. If you 
happen to be receiving SL, you're wasting your money. 
‘The articles are a waste and filled with (stolen)errors. 
anyway. -TAP, 
Dear TAP, 
In a past issue, you told us about Security Letter, 
and I'sent off for a subscription. Why the fuck didn't 
you people teli me that they also charge $48 a year 
for a subscription to their 4-page deal that comes 
out every 2 weeks. A little hint about sending tele- 
grams by phone: I sent one to Florida on April 29, 
and didn't get the bill until September 1. A nice little 
thing to keep in mind... You mentioned this obliquely 
in one issue, but 
I thought I'd clarify it. To get 
a call 
for a nickel on a fortress phone: insert a nickel. You 
will hear a slight change in the background noise. Hold 
down the hook switch until you hear a very faint click 
in the handset, about a second. Let up the hookswitch, 
and you have a dial tone. Unfortunately, the dial will 
~ 
100 volt test 
battery 
0-100 
voltmeter. 
Polarity Reversing Switch 
mfd. 
not be connected, So you have to tap out the number on. 
the hookswitch, which takes practice. 
-CS, HOUSTON- 
cables 
Dear Persons, 
(DPDT Center Off) 
open. Now the important part, the reversing switch. The 
testboardman flips it back and forth and the bounce 
of the 
meter(hook an ordinary ohmmeter to a capacitor and re= 
verse the leads and you'll see the same effect) lets him 
estimate the # of ringers. Cruddy insulation, temperature, . 
and distance from the C, O, affect readings, A key tele- 
Phone may look like 3 ringers, etc. Capacitance is most 
important with the D, C. winding resistance next. 
At one 
flip per second, coil inductance is very important, too, As 
for detecting phones without ringers, Pa Bell can't 
do it, 
Thave 17 telephones and a key system(I use my own “one 
bell simulator", 3650ohms and .47 mfd, in series). You 
can safely connect as many ringerless phones as you like. 
Peace be with you on the tandems forever(ka-chirp). 
~Almon B. Strowger, CA, - 
NOTE: Connecting extra extensions is in Issue #1, 
Under the bank Security Act, passed several years 
ago, all banks that handle checking accounts must 
make photo copies of all cancelied checks and keep 
microfilm records in their central records dept. These 
copies can be inspected on 
demand 
by Treasury Dept. 
agents,_without 
any warrants whatsoever. When the 
Fed snoops get around to harrassing radical liber- 
tarians(individualist anarchists) then I'll be under 
strong possibility that Big Brother is watohing my 
financial transactions, Until then, however, I'm not 
going fo give them 
@ head start over a miniscule 50¢ 
check to YIPL. (I'm not saying "I don't care until it 
hits me"). ACLU, Proxmire and others are fighting 
the Act, but. Ghairman Patman of the House Banking 
committe is for it and won't hold hearings on it. 
RE, NY- 
NOTE: TAP 
sts readers send money orders, 
which need not contain your real name or address.
SF CHRONICLE 10/2/73 
BEGINNERS ONLY! 
' 
e 
. 
e 
‘You can now learn about Electronics easily and 
Ma Bell's Ripoff Warning 222225 
=- 
samp 
game. company peo- 
ple said. will certainly be 
passed onto telephone cus- 
tomers, 
Here's what whe phone 
company 
has in store for the 
to pay. 
thelr Bills, took customers. it describes 6 
wrest taepe yenterd 
“postage offenders": 
stop “the ‘ghtcemt: Hp 
© The Post Office.acting , 
at company arsed yes: antl ow lfercept 
al 
ot, will now intercept: 
cee amar eta, Sah hati ne 
MYT 
ib air Snlllion 
exsto 
hat does not havea postage 
mp on 
it: 
4 
if the envelope 
has are- 
address, carriers will 
take it back to the sender. 
colteet eight cents for pos- 
tage, and ten cents tor han- 
nd the sender 
pay anciher eight 
cents for a new stamp to 
mail his bill 
© If there is no return 
aa- 
dress, the Post Office will 
open the envelope in an ef- 
fort to locate the sender, 
and, if It can't, postal off 
Gials will destroy the checks 
or money orders or return 
‘them to issuing agencies to 
‘stop payment on them. 
© Wf ine payment 
is in 
cash and there is no return 
address. 
the Post Office will 
eventuaily 
turh the money 
over to its general fund 
i 
fi 
ay 
z 
(used to pay claims 
on Io- 
sured mail). 
Phone company officials 
said yesterday that 
in where 
the ‘Post Office i 
mail and is unable to find 
the sender. the customers 
‘wil be considered detin- 
jue: 
on their bills, 
ene teaver louse 
hold 
tetephone ball va the 
Bay Area is $15 per month, 
the phone company 
officials 
admit there.is some risk to 
the company treasury inthe 
crackdown, 
“We don't 
‘hin. the second place, we 
believe our warning will 
salve the problem.” 
Pocific Telephone. e stl 
mating 2 30 per cent in- 
erease this year in the no- 
stamp practice, is not alone, 
‘of course, in the field. 
‘Other ulilities — especial- 
ly Pacific Gas and Electric 
Co, — along with banks, in- 
‘i hig deporte ores 
and 
‘stores 
an get cough a 
slage-due messages from 
reir most oval customers, 
Nothing mentioned about many EMPTY (or stuffed 
with bill envelopes folded). Hal 
-CALIFORNIA- 
CORRECTION 
NEW CORRECT 
4 OLD INCORRECT 
{ 
8 
i 
15K 
39K 
One more correction to the Displayed Red Box sheet. 
a few TAP-type projects and easy-to-read explana~ 
tions of electricity. By reading this and others com= 
{ng out each month you'll Learn how to build any of 
the projects that have boon printed by us in the past, 
You'll learn how to read schematics, buy parts and 
mmaierials cheap, safety, ete. You cin no longer say 
‘that what we publish is above your head beeause any 
beginner can learn trom these courses. Wamon are 
espectally urged to take the course as they usually 
have fear of electronic concepts 
and this cource 
veill bo understood by’all. Low's hear trom you! It's 
ike 
a back issue and is £0°,and free 
Hf you can't 
afford itflet 
ua know), 
Dear TAP, 
Bell's PR dept. bas free films available on various 
topics such as TASI, ESS, EDDD. Call up telco bus- 
iness office, and say you would like to find out about 
renting phone co. educational films. Put on your best 
Sunday School voice, and tell them that you're in 
charge of programming for your church youth group 
(that's how I found out), If they ask what church, have 
a name ready, They have a nice brochure, and some 
of the films are very informative. 
Have you ever mentioned the fact that out-of-city 
Phone books can be obtained free from Pa? Just call 
the business office and say you want to get a phone 
book for another city. They'll switch you to the rep. 
for your exchange, Give her the info, and she'li(or 
he'll) get your name & address. If they ask why you 
want it, just say that you've just moved from there 
and have a lot of friends there. When they ask if it's 
a business or residence, say residence(they charge 
businesses more). 
Dear TAP, 
. 
Just thought you might be interested in a few pieces 
of information, First of all, a guy named Dial has 
invented a He detector that can be used over the 
phone. Fun, huh? It measures the stress in a per- 
son's voice. He also said that he had sold them to 
P,D,'s, Gov't. agencies and Big Corporations! 
What corporation has more voices to deal with and 
is larger than our friend Pa? Don't get stressed 
when calling! Right! 
For you bugged phreaks, Samuel Line, Jr., 
Vice-President of a Bell subsidiary in Penn., says, 
"We have been historically against wire-tapping". 
However, Bell provides a line to the FBI if needed 
directly from the_tapee's home. 
You can beat the simplest type of bug (A trans- 
_ 
mitter in the phone's microphone) by ripping a new 
mic. off from some other phone and replacing your 
transmitter with it. If you bang,a payphone long 
enough, the mic, will loosen up. Keep up the good 
work, 
Published for informational purposes only by the Technological American Party. 
-P, ARIZONA- 
¢ 
22 
x 
TAP, ROOM 418.,152 W.42 ST., N.Y. N.Y.10036