THE BEGINNING OF THE END! 
by 
TOM EDISON 
[had heped that the day would never come when I'd have to 
write this column but that day has arrived! The end of TAP 
is very near!!! And Iam very saddened 
by this all too real 
occurrence. As co-editor of TAP with Mr. Phelps for the past 
year, I've hinted, asked, pleaded, begged, swore, cursed, 
and coerced you readers into doing your part to help TAP, 
all with the usual piss poor results. All of my dire warnings 
about what would happen to TAP if we did not get reader 
support went unheeded. As a result, I am forced to make the 
following statement: Until reader support improves, THIS 
IS THE LAST ISSUE 
OF TAP!!! Let me give you some cold, 
hard economic facts. The issue that you are holding in your 
hot little larcenist hands is the sixth issue of TAP that we've 
published in one month. Printing costs are sky high. Postage 
costs are absurd! When we switched post offices from Great 
Neck, N.Y. to Keasbey, N,J., it cost us $60 just to renew 
our bulk mailing permit. Multiply these costs by 6 and you 
can begin to get some idea of just how much the economic 
crunch has got us by the balls! Couple this with the large 
outlay of cash we paid for the new TAP T-shirts plus the 
never ending rent increases that we are forced to pay our 
slum lord and you get an excellent view of the whole dark, 
gloomy picture. In plain simple language that everyone can 
understand, TAP is spending more money than we're taking 
in. You don't need a four year college degree to know that 
this is the beginning of the end! 
I realize that with the recent 6 issue barrage you readers 
really haven't had sufficient time to write TAP, but based on 
the results of all of my previous appeals for help, 
Iam NOT 
counting too heavily on new reader support! 
I have to confess that when I was informed of the possibility 
of taking over TAP, I had mixed feelings about it. It certainly 
was an ego boost to know that I was considered capable enough 
to run TAP and it certainly was a prestigeous feeling knowing 
that 
I helped run a New York publishing firm, but on the negative 
side, the pressures of running a business, the many hours of 
my free time that now must be devoted to working on all phases. 
of publishing TAP together with the ever present paranoia of 
waiting for the ax to fall, whether it's in the form of a monster- 
ous lawsuit from Pa Bell or just harrassment from the Post 
Office or IRS, are just some of the problems, pressures, and 
headaches that come with the responsibilities of running TAP. 
‘The financial picture at TAP was never very rosy. We hada 
little cash in the bank, and Ido mean LITTLE! But 6 issues, 
postage, T-shirts, and rent have killed what little we had. 
Right now, as I am writing this, TAP owes me $350 and owes 
Mr. Phelps $120! We put in this money with the expectation 
of eventually getting reimbursed but prospects don't look too 
good, I'd be a hypocrite if 
I said that'I didn't expect to make 
a little money irom TAP. Aiter all, we'd spent our own money 
for transportation for the year and a half we worked on TAP 
before our transportation costs were picked up by TAP. We had 
also spent our own money for other TAP expenses and there's 
no real price that you could put on alll the hours and hours we've 
worked on TAP, both at the office and at home, There is no 
doubt of our unwavering devotion to TAP and to expect a small 
financial reward after almost 2 years of devoted work is certainly 
reasonable, 
It's really a damn shame that we might be forced to close 
just when things were starting to run smoothly. Cne of the 
improvements that you new subscribers may have noticed is 
that if you sent us a money order or cashier's check instead 
ofa personal check, your Sub was processed immediately and 
you got a copy of our latest issue right then and there instead 
of having to wait until we published our next issue. While you've 
got a right to bitch about the recent 6 month delay in receiving 
issues, you've gotta admit that to publish 6 issues in one month 
to catch up can only be considered a major miracle! And while 
the new policy changes that I've stated in previous issues might 
have seemed a little harsh, at least now you know the economic 
necessity for these changes, And while I'm on the subject of 
policy changes brought on by our current financial crisis, let 
, i 
~ 
wT 
JULY-AUG 1977 
NO. 45 
me add two more, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY : All DA requests 
MUST be accompanied by a self addressed stamped envelope 
and due to the high cost of photc-copy paper, we are forced to 
charge 5¢ a sheet for DA infc. We recently spent $70 for 1,000 
sheets of copy paper and duplicating fluid. That averages out to 
7¢ a sheet for copying. Copy paper is not only expensive, it's 
heavy and as a result needs extra postage and sometimes a 
larger envelope which can greatly increase the cost of our intire 
DA operation. We're sorry to have to pass along these charges 
to you but we can no longer absorb these costs ourselves. 
Also, until our bank account recovers, we will no longer be 
able to put new subscribers on our list for free. This may sound 
a little mercenary but I don't think that anyone's THAT poor 
that they can't afford $4. The only exception to this rule is 
prisoners. However, if we suddenly get a flood of mail from 
people all claiming to be prisoners and all asking for a free 
subscription, we may even be forced to change this policy. 
Nothing galled me more than that cheap fucker a while back 
who claimed to be a despondent, harrassed, and poor prisoner 
and who asked for a free sub. The only problem wes that the 
address he gave was not the local slammer but a ritzy panthouse 
on Park Avenue! 
‘The only hope we have now to save TAP 
is for you (and I 
mean YOU!!!) to get your friends, relatives, and partners 
in crime to sub to TAP, We've got back issues, electronics 
courses, fact sheets, anti-Bell buttons, T-shirts, the book 
MONOPOLY (which is all about you-know-who!), and all the 
other good TAP shit that we've been trying to unload for years! 
This stuff is no good to us just collecting dust sitting around 
our office! 
‘As a last ditch effort to entice some of you Jr high, Sr high, 
and college students to come in and give us a hand over the 
‘summer vacation, I'm going to have expanded summer office 
hours for the months of July & August - Wednesdays from 
12 noon to 7 PM and if there's enough interest, I'll even open 
the office on Saturdays. Come on kids, it's time to either shit 
or get off'the pot! 
And for ail of you who are now saying" I wish that Edison 
would stop bitchin", just remember, if you would have given 
‘TAP help and financial support when we originally asked for 
it, you'd be reading a hell of 
a good article here instead of all 
my bull shit!!! 
Enjoy your summer, don't get-caught, keep on tokin', and 
hopefully we'll see you in the fall. Live long and prosper. 
Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. .1877 - Do not make checks 
Out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address given 
with all credits, Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
Warning: We will prosecute copyright violatérss:
CB BULL by JOE GREYHOUND 
Did you see what the editors of TAP did?! They 
went out and put together a couple issues of TAP 
and didn't save room for my CB column, not that it 
was written up yet or anything, They could've 
told me to get it in or somethingt Oh welllltt 
Oh well? Anyhow, here goes with another CB 
information packed article. 
Depending on how detailed I want to go, either 
all in this article or in the next few, i'm gonna 
attempt to explain how frequency synthesizers in 
CBs work. Although they're all basically the same, 
the frequencies and combinations of crystals vary 
a great deal. 
But before I start, in case you live in a vacuum 
and haven't already heard, the FCC has decided to 
widen the CB band to 27.405MHz, adding 17 more 
channels to the current 23, 24 if you used the last 
article I wrotel 
This gives a total of 40 channels. 
The frequencies are: 
Frequency 
Channel 
Frequency 
Channel 
26.965 
1 
27.215 
zu 
26.975 
2 
276225 
22 
26.985 
3 
27.235 
24 
27.005 
4 
27.245 
25 
27.015 
5 
27.255 
23 
27.025 
6 
27.265 
26 
27.035 
2 
27.275 
27 
27.055 
8 
27.285 
28 
27.065 
9 
27.295 
29 
io 
27.305 
30 
sigh 
27.315 
31 
12 
27.325 
32 
13 
27.335 
33 
14 
27.345 
34 
15 
227.355 
35 
16 
27.365 
36 
17 
27.375 
32 
18 
27.385 
38 
19 
27.395 
39 
20 
27.405 
4o 
So theret 
was gonna tell yas how to add the 
1? new channels, 
but I figured you'll need to know 
how your synthesizer works first, therefore; the 
modification will come in a later issue, so watch 
for itltt Oh yeht 
If any of you Sidebanders want 
a USA Sideband number let me know and I'll give 
you one. 
The first type of synthesizer is used in the 
following brands of 23 channel, AM radios: SBE 
Midland, Kris, Lafayette, Robyn, and probably a 
million others. So if the brand of your set isn't 
listed, check the crystal frequencies to see if it 
is used in your radio. The other two types of 
synthesizers will be explained in‘later issues 
Anyhow back to the first synthesizer. It uses 
14 crystals. ach one of the 6 main crystals is 
used in synthesizing 4 channels. These main 
crystals are: 
37.600MHz, used for channels 1-4 
37.650MHz, used for channels 5-8, 37.700MHz, 
channels 9-12, 37.750MHz, channels 13-16, 3%.800MHz 
channels 17-20, and 37.850MHz, channels 22-23. 
These 6 crystals are used in both the TX and RX 
mode. Next come the 8 IF crystals which are subtracted 
from the mains by mixers. The 4 crystals used in 
the transmit mode are: 
10.635MHz, channels 1,5,9 
13,17,and 21 - 10.625MHz, channels 2,6,10,14,18, and 
22 - 10.615MHz, channels 3,7,11,15,19,-and 10, 595MHz 
channels 4,8,12,16,20, and 23 
It's really more complex, but actually what 
happens is this. Each one of the main crystals is 
used for 4 channels in a row, and the IF crystals 
are used one after the other in descending frequency 
order. Let's take a look at how channels 1-4 are 
synthesized, First off the main crystal 37.600MHz 
is used. For channel 1: 
In the transmit mode the 
IF crystal 10.635Mliz is subtracted from the main 
giving 26.965iitiz, the frequency of channel 1. 
For 
channel 2, 37,600MHz minus the next IF crystal 
10.625iiHz leaving 26.975ifHz, channel'2's frequency, 
and so on. When the dial is turned to channel 5, 
the main crystal is switched over to 37.650MHz and 
the procedure is continued. At channel 9, the main 
crystal is again switched to the 37.700MHz crystal 
and so on. 
In the receive mode the 4 IF crystals, 10.180MHz 
10.170MHz, 10,160MHz, and 10,140MHz are used along 
with the 2nd IF frequency of 455KHz. Again the 6 
main crystals are used. To receive channels 1-4 
the main 37.600MHz is used. Channel 1 is 37.600MHz 
minus the IF frequency of 10.180MHz leaving 
27.420MHz. ‘Then the 2nd IF frequency, 455KHz, is 
subtracted from that giving 26.965MHz, channel 1. 
It goes on and on just like transmit except 455KHz 
is subtracted along with the receive IF crystal 
frequency, And that is itlilt 
In the next column I get out, I'll have a 
modification which will enable the owners of sets 
with this type of synthesizer to add the 17 new 
channels to their 23 channel CBs. Remember, send 
any comments, questions, or CB related INFO to! 
TAP 
c/o Toe Greyhound 
152 W. 42 St. Room 418 
New York, N.Y. 10036 
ATs REPORT by TOM EDISON 
If you think that the cartoon below 
I strongly su 
taken fron 
ki 
the 
yest that you read the acco 
N.Y. Daily News, 
who the damn trouble maker is, Cincinnati Belll May I 
uld never happen, then 
mpanying article 
dear readers, we now 
strongly urge you to blow the dust off your Boxes and call up 
Cincinnati Bell and tell them just what you think of their new 
"mone; 
EB 
rt en be setting 
after your teenage daughter. 
‘The daughter who has developed 
4 permanent curve in her spine from 
cradling the phone to her ear. The 
aughter who has never learned to say 
goodby in less than a half hour. The 
daughter who has effectively blocked 
ut all phone communications with the 
‘outside world. (You have relatives. who 
have been trying to get through ‘for 
more than five years.) ‘The daughter 
who talks all day” and all night on the 
phone about nothing — and practically 
for nothing. 
Well, all that is going to change — 
at least’ the talking-for-practically-noth- 
ing part. Ma Bell is looking at new rate 
systems that will charge people for how 
much they actually use the phone. The 
new rate ideas will also charge accord- 
ing to the time of day the phone is 
used, the local distance covered, the 
length of time you talk and the number 
of calls you make. 
‘The new approach is called “meas- 
ured rates” 
and is far more sophisticat- 
ed than is the “message unit” system 
used by some Bell companies today. 
‘The message unit system only bills for 
the number of calls and their duration. 
‘The measured rate system adds time 
of day and distance into the mix. If you 
all a friend 35 miles away at 2 pm, 
your charges could be eight or nine 
times higher than they would be if you 
placed a call toa friend down the block 
at midnight. 
Cincinnati Bell has proposed using 
the measured rate system on an exper 
mental basis. If the Ohio Public Ut 
ties Commission passes the proposal 
more than 10,000 Cincinnati Bell cus: 
tomers would start using the measured 
rate system. If the initial plan is suc- 
cessful, the remainder of Cincinnati 
Bell's subscribers would be worked into 
measured rates, 
‘The plan is likely to be successful 
for several reasons. First, there is much 
agitation on ‘the part of consumers to 
alter telephone billing practices to fit 
usage. (Your neighbor who works all 
day and rarely uses the phone is cur- 
rently subsidizing your blabby daugh- 
ter.) Measured rates would result in 
ower rates for occasional talkers and 
heavier bills for gabbier customers. 
.er "measured" units. Show them you care. 
“We'd better hang up now. This is costing 
money.” 
‘The state regulatory bodies are like- 
ly to view measured rates as more fair 
and accurate a system for relating costs 
‘and revenues. ‘The heavy phone user 
will bear a larger share of overhead 
and capital costs than he does now. This 
will be fairer than current rate systems, 
which allocate a disproportionately 
large share of such cost factors to the 
light phone user. 
‘The Cincinnati experiment _ will 
probably succeed because most Cincin- 
‘hati innovations tend to take root and 
spread throughout the rest of the Bell 
system. It was Cincinnati Bell that 
introduced us to charges for directory 
assistance in 1974. Cincinnati Bell gave 
us the first complete direct dialing sys- 
tem in the early "0s. And Cincinnati 
Bell is further along than other Bell 
companies in the use of electronic 
switching equipment. (It is the use of 
electronic switching equipment and 
computer programs. that. allows meas- 
lured rate billing systems to be imple- 
mented efficiently.) 
You'd better get your daughter into 
your own measured calling system, 
Otherwise. the measured rate system 
will make your phone bill look like this 
‘winter's heating bills.
LETTERS FROM READERS 
Dear TAP, 
If you have seen this article in your local paper about a 
device that instantly traces your fone, don't immediately 
get uptight. Francis Kennedy cannot trace calls that come 
to his telephone any easier than you. The article got me a 
little worried so I calied Mr. Kennedy. His number is 
listed. The only fones he can tell the number of are those 
which have built in encoders. The way this works is, when 
the receiving party picks up his fone, the calling party's 
fone sends out a code to tell the receiving fone the callers 
number. This leaves many possibilities. One could easily 
change the ID, Kennedy says it will probably consist of a 
PROM. It will be @ long time before we see this put in 
telephones! 
Thave heard that the way traffic lights are controled by 
fire trucks in Syricuse is with zenon flashers. Each truck 
has one on its front. When a sensor detects the correct 
frequency flashes, it changes the light to green. More on 
this later. 
Bumper Stickers: 
"Ma Bell has got me by the Calls" 
"One Bell System, It Qurks!" (this one is original) 
Edward Extract 
Dear TAP, 
Inclosed find instructions for modification of 
standard Bell six button (including the "hold" button) 
to conviently operate as a home style desk set(single 
line). 
1, Remove and discard the fat 50 conductor cable 
2. Remove all wires from the screvs going to the 
pusabuttons. 
3. Remove green wire from coil block L2. 
4, Remove pushbutton assembly (2 screws on bottom 
of phone). 
5. Remove and tie back the wires fron the bell. 
6. Remove three wires which go from the Touch 
Tone pad to the coil block. They are orange, 
violet, and green & white. Insulate the ends 
and tie back. 
7. Move the green wire from the Touch Tone pad 
to coil block terminal F 
8. Connect the wires from the hook switch to the 
coil block: Yellow to L2 
Green to L1 
Brown to C 
Move Grey from L1 to L2. 
Move White from C to F. 
Move Grey from F to waste basket. 
9. Connect Red and Green to Ll and L2. If the 
Touch Tone does not work, reverse these leads 
10, Put push buttons back in to fill up the hole: 
Jim 
Dear TAP, 
There is a certain number I can call during business hours 
and get a recording played back tome that says, "zero-zero- 
zero-zero-zero," as long as I leave the line open. When I 
hang up it is maybe 10 seconds before I can get a dial tone 
again. Whatisit? I tried dialing 0 to see if the recording 
was instructing me to do so, but nuttin’ happen’. 
Item 2: I attended an engineer-trainee school many many 
years ago, and we learned to add some capacitance to change 
the power factor of electric meters to slow them down. 
(If E & I not in phase, the meter wouldn't read power correct- 
ly). This has not been mentioned in TAP. Are meters in 
present use "power-factor corrected"? 
Excuse typing. Am trying to write this and screw my dog 
atsame time. Tuffl 
73 
Nickolai Testicle 
Dear TAP, 
Concerning the nonreproducing blue pens, I received a 
complaint from the bank about a year ago, which I ignored, 
but have heard nothing since. The address below was taken 
from the cardboard box containing the pens: 
Lindy Pen Co. 
North Hollywood, Calif, 91605 
A.C, 
Dear TAP, 
What are the codes and how do you use the KP2 key on a 
Blue Box? I have tried dialing an 800 number, 2600 Hz, 
then KP2 + all the numbers between 100 and 200 + ST. 
Nothing happens! If1 could make the transit pulse KP2 work 
it would be a big help in routing both domestic and foreign 
calls when direct circuits are busy. Also, some African 
countries are very hard to get into on direct circuits, where 
routing via England of France should make it easier. Plez 
help me get the KP2 to work. 
‘Thanks, 
Calif. 
Dear TAP, 
In two weeks I'll be moving into the country where there is 
a Duncan Stand up. I was digging under the Standpost 
found the three leadin wires from the power pole were only 
about one foot deep. Two black and a yellow ground, th 
not in conduit, just two aluminum #2/0 wires with the 
ground. Could T hook up with an aluminum nail and wire 
fore they turn the power on or will they be able to detect 
connection? Could they diy up their wire on my property t 
inspect it without my permission? 
Please let me know as soon as possible, I don't 
to go and electric out here is higher than 2 cat's back 
T love your sheet - Keep up the 
the word) work, 
re long 
DS 
INFORMATION FOR TAP: 
I have been very successfull in the following 
FREE ELECTRIC- Turn the meter upside down after meter 
has been read ,use three weeks, after besure you pull it 
out and replace it right side up before next reading 
Meters rum backward as well as forward, (Smile) 
“If it please the Court, I have a get-unt-af-jail-jree card.
GET DOWN! by TOM EDISON 
Since this might be the last issue of TAP for a while, I'd 
better give the plugs that I promised to various groups while 
there's still time. The first plug is for EDEN UNDERGROUND 
NEWS SERVICE, P.O, Box 8410, 16681 Evergreen Circle, 
Fountain Valley, Ca, 92708, EDEN PRESS is published every 
two weeks. A Charter one year sub (25 issues) is $10. A two 
year sub (50 issues) is $18. A three year sub (75 issues) is 
$25, Add $5 for First Class Mailing. EDEN PRESS is a very 
= 
refreshing change from the usual dry, boring shit that fills 
Bogus bill 
our daily newspapers. It's everything you wished the New York 
South Plaintield police have asked any 
‘Times was and isn't! If you remember the cool, hip, whitty, 
Easideat 
whe comes ecrass 
» taped UP 
freshness of the old Village Voice, you'll really enjoy the goings 
quarters 
ssible. The edges 
on in EDEN PRESS, I cannot praise it anymore than to say once 
ot 3° 
ere 
Gon toi Stitt 
more, if you dig what we say in TAP, you'll love EDEN PRESS, 
fing, 
George Washingtors picture 
Is In 
When you write to them, tell 'em you heard about 'em from 
the Center 
of the bill. 
‘TAP. I know that Barry Reid, editor of EDEN PRESS, would 
s 
love to send you his catalog of EDEN goodies, which contains 
Bogus $10 bills 
among other things, THE PAPER TRIP, THE BIG BROTHER 
* 
° 
* 
GAME, and for all you minors out there just dying to get 
in circulation 
served beer over the summer while listening to your favorite 
SOUTH PLAINFIELD 
— Someone tried 1 ralte the 
rock group at the local gin mill at the beach, POLAROID PHOTO 
‘value 
of the dollar 
~ with scotch tape. 
ID CARDS!!! Ifall you litte bastards wanna get wasted this 
ti suaed 
Tots Paths Suttonery 
tres So ects 
summer, you'd better get yer young asses in gear and get your 
‘Boulevard, and purchased 18 cents worth of candy with a 
Phony.........er Photo 
ID Cards fast! 
{ 
i Or to the stare owner though. 
My second plug is for a fantastic N. J. based rock group 
cif bles owner of the tale rl 
pale he 
called PRISM. They've appeared at some of the better rock 
t George 
Washington's ln 
re 
clubs along the notorous Route 35 strip in'N, J. including The 
Herc careney? Mezader Haters pictre onthe 
Edge, Bachelors I and Brothers II (or is it Brothers I 
and 
‘Lt, Daly here said someone apparently bas been tearing 
Bachelors I?) and The Hanger and Mr. L's. PRISM consists 
toltsr Sater Pouce oe ond ate 
ee, 
of Brian on drums, Bob on lead guitar, Russ on keyboards, 
dolar ila wh $2 elgs, wth ant gun 
Jerry on 
bass. 
Even my very good friend Stan, the Polish 
ice have no suspects in the 
fraud 
case but cau 
Pride of Parlin, who also works the light show with the band, 
residents 
to lookout for the egal taped tender, 
and is a rock critic bar none, is overwhelmed by the sound of 
this band and their uncanny ability to do well known rock songs 
that actually sound better than the originals, something that is 
not easy to dol And if you're wondering just what the hell I'm 
plugging a rock band for; one, I like the band; two, since this 
is probably the last issue of TAP, what difference does it make 
what 
I write about; three, I'm writing this while crocked; and 
four, since I'm editor, I'll write any damn thing I please}! 11! 
Basic Jesuea are 50¢ each, 496 each if you order 30 or 
re. 
‘more. 
Subsertesions~ 19 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $2. 
Canaia & Mexico stapled $2. Frreign $7. 
[ANT 
Inclade mailing tabel or Xerox copy 
‘when writing ta TAP absut your subscription. 
poly $1.20 
‘Gauraea - S07 euch A - Basic Electricity.B- A. C. 
© Basic Phane Cperation.D - Amplifiere. 
Send only cheek or meney order {NO CASED t9 
: 
TAP, lid w 4, ‘Street, Ram 418, New York 10096 
~ 
Thi tga mail dcp criv 
i 
7 
{iberation News Service 
New 
York 
“Tuition has soared again this year, but we're lucky in that our Greg gets 
Uke 
WEI 
4-7 
4 little something from the FBI to sort of keep an eye on his dorm floor.” 
TAP 
T - shirts #4, Specify size: Small, Med. ,Large, X-Large. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to 
And It Won't Even 
TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 1003% 
Tilt... 
Phone phresks and pinball note can 
finally get together: The Game Show, oa 
‘Manhattan Cable TV's Channel D, Monday 
at 5. laa callin show with a brand new 
gimmick. If you have a touch-tone phone, 
the “one” 
and “three buttons will activate 
the flippers on a pinball machine in the 
‘udio when you dial 473.5386. You get one 
ball and prizes are given to the week's top 
tally. It's not easy, the high-scoring 
com- 
petition ix ctiff, and since anly one person 
can play at a time you have to be very 
patlent . . . just lke with éverythins else 
on cable. 
45 
From The Village Voice