LOCK-PICK LARCENYbyAlexander MundyI hope all of vou TAP readers have eithermade or acauired vour lock picks, because I willteach you how to use them.In order to pet started, you will need thefollowing equipment:1. A pair of tweezers2. A set of followers NOV-DEC 1979 No. 60ee, After practicing for awhile, try adding anotherNo. SUT-0, Size 395 top and bottom pin and spring to the cylinderand practice some more. Keep picking and alsoMost commonly remember the feel you are acquiring. Soon youused size will be able to work your way up to 5, 6, and 7No. SUT-1, Size .496 pin cylinders.P.S. While picking a cyliner, you should keené the cylinder steady by placinp it’in a vice oreel other suitable holder.No. SUT-3, Size .500
f ~
No. SUT-10, Size .550 Rottom ofPicture from IPC catalorue seywayYou TAP readers can make a set of followers a ¢from brass or plastic round stock or tubinp. ositions of a turning,myThe important point to remember, ig itn makinp the wrench in a cylinderfollower, the end must match the viup. ‘hen younush the follower through the shell, the top pinsand springs should not fall down in between theplug and follower.3. Rim oor Mortice cylinders (stay awayfrom the ones with a curved keyvway, like Yaleand Lockwood and also the ones wit! mushroom or Ton ofspool pins, like Corbin and Russvwin.) hewiayThese cylinders are harder to nick for the "ressure mav be applied cither unward oraverape bepinner. downward on the turninp wrench.In order to start, remove the tail piece of Szthe cylinder. It is usually held on by twoscrews or a sprinr clip. “lext, take a follower a LMI Aand remove the nlup from the shell. Be careful Sa “gi .not to drop anv of the pins. Also, when pushing $7the nlup out of the snell, make sure that the akey is slightly turned and that the follower is r Pafirmly apainst the plug. Otherwise, you will 7 ! ryjam one of the top pins or springs between the “wn /O | |plup and che follower as you are pushing out the cy 4 :plug. | = 7Yext, remove all the bottom pins, except one.It’s position in the nlup does not matter.Also, remove all the top pins and springs,except the one that matches the bottom pin.Now reassemble the plug in the shell. e Care-ful that the top pin and spring does nof fall eeInto any of the unused pin chambers in the plug. [~ a ao aeTake your turning wrench and pick (you should Z a oo _- oOuse a hook pick. like this)Insert your wrench into the cylinder and exertpressure on the plug via the wrench. Next,take your pick and push up the one pin so thatCylinder SpringTop PinMushroom Top PinBall Bearing and Top Pin used as ait reaches ‘the shear line. The plug will turn Bottom Pinin the shell. Congratulations.... You have 1Regular Bottom PinJust picked a one pin cylinder. Shear LinePin ChamberPlug (the part where the key fits in)Top and Bottom Pin at the Shear LineShellFor your next experiment, try putting differentamounts of pressure on the wrench and feel thedifference as you push up the pin. Also, useyour wrench in the various positions shown.After you get the feel of picking the one pin,try moving that pin to a different pin chamber.Don’t forget about the top pin and spring.
GME OM OAQWPS
The shell and the plug along with thesprings, top pins and bottom pins, formsa cylinder.

dell, well, well, nere we are again, fol«s, witnour never ending blast against tecnnological txnor-ance. Pirst, congrats to those who sent me letters.1 only received 5 letters from four aifferent peuple,and I could only answer two, dut the information Ireceived was both nigniy interesting and quitevaluable. So read on....There ia indeed a separate military phone systea(see Suture Developments in Telecommunicatians byJames Partin, STON by Prentice-nall, pp. 51-33, Apook by Martin,and also Adrian n.0. Norman, thatsowides intereating ts The Computerized Society.).It is called AUTUYOMN, which stands for maticYGice Network, (see TAP #40, p.2) According to Mr.Martin, the letters Q and 2 are ansuciated with the1 putton as A,B and U go with 2, and ao on, Also,"the called party receives a special ‘precedence’ringing signal. A unique towe informs telepnoneusers when they are being interrupted by a nigherprecedence call. If one of thes# Aeyo 15 used on a- telephone not authorized to use that level of prece-dence, a prerecorded voice (what rank?) tells thecaller that guch 4 call cannot be put through." ACalifornia reader (we'll call him "C") wrote “Whenused--Press “priority” button firat, then reat ofnumber, Auto selectors firat hunta for an open line--if none open then person using number is bumped (getsbeep signal) only if he is not using a higher priority®Mow tuat you know generally how to wse the militarytonea, you will need to know how to matrix them. Acivilian 7T.T. pad and L.D. (Beil Long Lanes Oept.Long Distance) tones are show awatrixed here.Low 697 1 2 5 ATonea 770 4 5 6 3(dz) gs2 tlw941 * 0 I DCivilian 1209 1336 1477 1633fouch Tones High Tones (Hz.)700 1 2 4 7 11LowTones 900 3 5 8 12100 6 9 KP1300 10 KPa?1500 ST900 1100 1300 1500 1700High Tones (Bell Lone Dist.)The trick to matrixing is to write down the freq.'sof the low tones, in order, and then the high tones.Pill in your digita, and you've got your matrix. Thisinfo, and the following, 15 presented courtesy of anAldergrove, B.C. TAPper. He sent me photocopies °fa. 2-13 and C-14 cf a book called Reference PataPor Radig Engineers. It i@ apparently availablefroa Howard Sems. Also, we'dLike to know what 11 and 12 are used for. The pagel have just says “for inward operators". Page 3 ofTAP #27 has a letter signed "-kANSAS-—" that refersto long distance (L.D. for short) coin collect andreturn tones, supposedly 70001700 and 11004700, re-apectively, and also a “BY key” on some operatorpoarda. I think that 110041700 must be a typo, sincethat is regular EP. The MP tones for 11 and 12 aré70041700 and 41700, reapectively. My Nov. 1960BSTJ (p. 1432} says that "Aesistance operatorshandling European international ... calla are ..."Code 11” or "Code 12" ops, These opa are calledin dy transmission of distictive signals ...A “Code 11" op ig an aselatance op who performs theweual functions of an incoaing op in manual service.A "Code 12" op ia a delayed-ticketing or suspended-call op. When @ particular “Code 12" op ia desireda call number ia added and follows the "Code 12*aignal."(T.V¥Vail‘'s abbreviations)Until someone figures out, though,ailitary touch toneshere are theThia reader also says!"The army nugericalHigh orouERAT TES TRBO VSO code is similar to1020 1 2 3 FO the lone distance6 P codes, However, this1140 ‘ 7 in itself ia not* 260 8 9 I enougn to suggestp that the military1380 0 have their own longf-ow Airc Porce 432 L distance syatea?Group fT.¥. Mote-They do,though-auTOVOu
Wwesoncernins Similarity: notice now similar theyare wnen written in a Ratrix.ALLA FFOUT ror redtular or¢llLow WO 24. “<> 2 coue, look else-Iroun 1900 4 8 OQ 3 wnere in thia=“ 2100 1 7 y article.2300 2 bd25606 5"U.S. Army [A-741/PT :umerical Code!"The army code seems to lack the extra tone neededfor KP and ST signals,"N.8. The blue box of {issue #25 can be used forthe arnay tones. Just re-tune the oscillators (700to 1900, 3900 to 210U, etc.) and relaboel the xeys (1becomeasas 4, ? becomea 8, @tc.)."TY nave no ideag on how to use gither the airforce or army tones. For all ! know, the army tonesmight not even de in use.“ Thank you very much, TAP-per from Aldercrove.I, Ted Vail, don’t know how one would: use themilitary tones without being directly connect tothe military network (alTOYON). If you were, such asif you atrolled over to a phone durtng a visit/tourto a military base, follow the instructions outlinedabove by "C"_. I have a stron, sumpicion that there ia{ndeed a connection between the military and civilianphone systema, Re-read Kilgore Trout's exca) lent" Pnd Cf The garth", TAP #37, p.1. he saysthat the mllitary maxes their own dlue Joxes” (Sodoes Bell--a Blue box is just an imitation of regularL.D. dialing equdpmentj!! They are, I presume, forcalling into the civilian system. Kilgore wants toset up @ phreak connection between the civ. and mil.syetema up there, Hopefully, ane wouldn't have to gothrough a human operator; we're not all good at Bsing.NOTE: Kilgore, or anyone else who knows anythingabout these things, please write me at TAP, Ted Vail,Room 418, 152 W. 42nd St, New York, N.Y. 1003b.A number of people think that the specialfrequency for the military override duttons is 1633Hz., the fourth column frequency for the civilian f.f..pads. I politely point out "NO!". Civilian phones ar:used only on the regular Bell system, with the A,B,C,D,*®, and # buttons used for computer access or quickdialing (some executives have this--they just pusn,gay, the *® button and their home number, or otherpredetermined number is immediately dialed). Thespecial priority tome must be extra on a militarypro. namely, !980 Hz (mixed with the appropriatetone).Regarding SP: Plash Bazbo of Iowa (note-- whenwriting me, include a codé¢ name so I can refer toyou directly without exposing your initials, it'sflattering to see your name (alias) in orint!)sent methe following letter:Ted; According to the tnformation I have (1960Bell System Tech. Journal}, SP? signaling was usedfor “exchange applications". The following quote 13atraight from the horse's ass, 80 to speak!“For application in the exchange plant, a newseries of transistorized vignaling units makes itpossible to adapt ing trunks (all under-lines are Flash’ s) to short naui Carrier systems. TheSP units provide loop-signal ing--reverse~datterysupervision toward central office switching equip-ment, and in-bdand AC signaling toward the line.Thesé units also include the 4-wire terminating setsrequired for converting between the 4-wire linefacility and the 2=<wire loop. [he terminating setaare suitable from a Utrans@iasion s8tandpoint for es-change, t and tolleconnecting trunks,The originating terminal includes ¢ recievingcircuits: one a 2600 tiz.receiver, to detect trunkatatua signals, the otner a 2060 -iz. receiver todetect the revertive lses, At the terminating endof the trunk only a 2600 he. receiver 1a required todetect trunk control signals, but 2 tranemiltters areprovided: tne revertive pulses are transmitted by{ a 2000 Hz i » while the trunk statuseigzna@ig Key a at ."The Ww of the channel for the re-vertive pulses ig quite wide in order to accomodatethe high=speed signals, As indicated, pulsing speedsof ap to eh SEC. are aseo4'ow! wotice you will--the SF “keyer" ia refer-red to as a "loop aiynaling trunk", If there are anyof these old fashioned senders in existence (knowingPa Bell they mugt be!) it should be posarible to buildjust a 2000 o a He. oacillator, put the 2000 on

@ normally open dial contact & let your pninyers aothe walking! To speed things up a bit, aajust thedial governor so it puts out gore pulses/sec, I amCurrently constructing one to phool around with in adial trialine I *“borrowea" from a local phone store.I will inform TAP readers of the outcome at a laterdate.I also understand (same “lell-bull) that a 3700 Hs.tone can be interrupted at dial speed to Send youphar, phar away. It was called SP nut-of-band and theequipment was “types N,O,& ON". Any reader supplied{nfo would be greatly appreciated. 2600, H BAZBOThank you very mucn, "Flash",You would probably be able to zo all over the woridwith this sort of beeper, Since even an antiquated ex-change haa a moderm dual~freq. "blue box" for comsmuni-cating with other excnanges. The old exch. wouldreceive your old-style beeps and convert them to thenewfangled OF for re-transmisaion to the rest of the
here's also a #, (312) 796-9600, that can be calledta find out the Oame and address that porrespoadwith any given tel. ar. Just give them the or.,and they'll] give you the info you want. That's(312) 796-9600. Neat!As far ag petty ‘relrt toes, those fArsers interesteain free drinks (and zlassea') mignt be interested inthis: At "Red Looster” restaurants, you take anumoereq ticket at the aoor wnicn you excnange fordrinks. The bar tender azives you a bill with theamount on it, which you zive to the waitress. The idea{s that you don't pay ‘till you leave after eating,so if you leave in apparent disgust, empty-nanaed,nothing 1s suspected,Moving on to t@#lepnones, I have two ideas ‘o chare.Firat, TAPpers living in colder northern clices canget a roll of ducttape, a torcn, a funnel waiter theend flattened, and a container or two aolaing 2 gal.of fresn water ana urlve on a very cold night to anworld. Kilgore Trout (iss. 37, p.}, column ) at bottom) outdoor coin phone. If one wants to Selit the ononediscovered SF independently (1 guess). Again, anyonewho knows about this; please write, as usual.On the back page of #37 was an article by ‘omcalled Bell's Soxin' Us In, in which Tom describedanother black cloud on the phreak horizon, namelyC.C.I.8., which is slue Box proof. The ESS lonz dist.exchanges used for CCIS stop dlack doxes, too, sincethey don't connect the audio until the receiving enddefinitely answers, at which time the ESS sends theinittating end (which is doing the billing) adefinite "receiving party answered” signal. what ahassle! Does anyone “now how to defeat this?I would Like to imow how d3ell's new Blue soxdetector/tracer {8 used, and how it works, fhe newsclip on p.! of fam. 46 is @ bit hazy on the technicalend; phrases like “protective électronic fog" soundnice to the general oublic but are electronicallymeaningless (perhaps deliberately?). The thing that'sreally scary about this gadget, assuming it's not a
ae Aa the upper heusines in one regionThere are
wide open, one nee@eog only to tape up the pnore'’sholes, s@ama and cracks, and oour the water in, rille-ing up the phone (othe fon. After an hour or less,depending on the ctemp., the ice's expansion wil)shatter the housinz's brittle cast fron. Thawing witsthe torch should remove the pieces. Careful aeltingwill expose the bvack bolts, allowing the nerariousperpetrator to cart the aleces, plate and ali backhome.(Four water through funnel intocoin slot)Once tnis hypothetical character vets 1t allunrrozen, he removes the locks, remembering wnichwent into the upper housing ana which the lower,He Knows that the lowers (coin boxes) are individuallkeyed, and he also knows that the uppers (electronicskeyed the ame, accarding to region; that Ls,are the Same.> Giff. ones for N.Y.City, because that isso populous. He Lakes the upper lock to & competent,cool locksmith to get a key made for it. bell probdaslyhoax (I don't think it is}, is that it can trace right has a special, private bdlank, but others may fit intoback to the nnone on which the Box is being used,the keyway. In desperation, a piece of sheet meta)can be bent into the zig-zag pattern and cut into akey. Thehe'll suspect that the lock is a special, industrialnigh=esecurity lock which common people aren'tsupposed to have.(True enough.) but a determinedperson could eventually nave a key to all the coinphones in his/her area. Of course, the Coin coxeacouldn't be opened with the key, but sance all bus4 weak bolts can be removed easily witn the upperPRE 0-555" ana the other said "PRE/POST 0", Rather housing off, and the rest can be pried/levereo out,than hazard a guess or two right now, I'll wait for this isn't a bie problem, That's enougn for now,some reader response on thes and together we'll figure and, lastiy, for all those who care, 1 nave roundit out. I would also appreciate some details on TSFS what TAS] ia. In fFa's own words,"A .45] syoten(what it ts and does). And while we're on this, I'd aswigna &@ speech cnoannel to a talker only when aalso like info on IOTC. channel ia required, and when a channel is notPlease do not include eubscription orders or otner required it is prepared to switch that channel toTAP dDusiness with your letters to me. I am not in another talker requiring a channe]."* chis ia why
within seconds!It might oe possible to determine what «ind ofequipment your local Telco has by looking at thelittle notations in the lower Corners of coln phonedialing instruction cards. However, one world needaccess to some internal weatern Elec. info to"decode" the meanings . fo any of you who work forBeli and kmow how this works, deciphering should beeasy. Two inst. carda 1 saw recently said "TSPS
local locksmith had better de very cool, or
Mew York very often, ao the mail is forwarded tome. If an order and a letter to me ure on the samepage, that sheet stays in New York and I nevar seeit. This happened to a reader from the Vhicago(a.C.312) area--and I don't know hie name or addressDecause that, and his order, and the rest of hisletter were shredded in NYC before I saw thea. Ifthat reader would like to write again...? The -letter wae written with a Dlack felt tip pen onthe back of some aath problem ditto sheets, #0the writer was probably an elementary schoolteacher, but that's all I know about him (her?).Several readers would like to know how to get theHoffman books other than Steal. According toAbbieBowker's Books Pyant Index, Kevolution For the Hellof It ig awailaole tor sT.25 from Pocket booxs, 630Firth Ave, New Yorn City t0020. Puck the system is apamphlet included in the back of kK. tor the Hell...I nave seen Woodstock Nation, Ana IT don’t think mucnof it. aA Northern 112, reaaer Sent me some info thatother Illinoisans might s6njoy:Skokae, Ill., the world's largestvillage (over 50,000 pop.), has an excellent library,which contains all of Abbie’s books, d a copy ofthe Nov. 1960 Bell System Tech Journal that startedit all. A Skokie bathroom stall contained the follow~raffitus:one TALL s=F dORLD'S A Seave, SC LED'S aC IT",Sigmea, JESSE JAMESAppropriate? Haunm , eo:
the beginnings of words are often cut off duringa long dist. conversation. Finisaned 9 august '75.witn these thoughts I leave you,...TED VAILTAP has sold out of "Ma Bell ls A Cheap Mdther" T-shirts.Please do not ordex them anymore. We still have a quantityof TAP T-shirts in Stock.Back [cpurp are st eacn, [see eusisg $1, 0), L is 4S Puce lf ..ales + UG Bua rave Su. <* Ccti: ae Clase on plain cealed erve.noe 37. Q 4%canada& MexicoFirst “ge $7, ynPorerza 34, < >mt Ag) Laclude cs aus ise, of Agra Cc. py =woen writ.3 0 TAD abs ui oar Cooscripeisn,Clesit riley VuwthRB OU waen. A OS Janis,3 - AC Bagics. ~~ Pocra Bamcn, 3- Amphiters. Ay qrSAL Aue * 54.4), TH"A Dit ~ 540). Spmtiy Size sad colur - Small,wen, acme, cairn warge. Blaca« or rwQ T-spirt#3 white TAP ioga,AP mfr sceed Be” IA a SV euch,JAe vatstva Taps > By. Hear apt Cruace. Al Bel,jue Sagressn, and Gen SbCurty | ef Joba Donery.te od, . A emlagaac Ue weer.5,a : - E < aLotmds. «weerAe “2s Se WA eke Ler pg: FI.Aft! 4. ate eel.
YAP is publishea 2.-m mvhly { 7 cnformat.snal purposesonly by Youth H:* Line Reocrrts, in. Address all mail to:TAP, Brim W3, 2a/ ¥. 2ot.,New York, NOY. 22028.

TANDEM TRICKS by Napoleon SoloTo stack world tandems you wil) need:1. A 759 Hz oscillator - the Touch Tone 779 Hz will ds.é. A 228) Hz oscillator.In order to use the Single Frequency or SF 773 Hz tone,Simply depress the #4 & 5 push buttons of a standard BellTouch Tone pad Simultaneously. Now let's call ourselvesaround the world and stack a few tandems in the process:1. Get on Cakland (Ca) 415-186.2. Dial Australia - 61+ 93- This puts you into Melbourne.+ 103 - This puts you into Sidney.+ 81 - This puts you into the overseas sender.+ ST - This finishes the MF part of the call. Now you canthrow your Blue Box out the window!)3. SF 750 - 991 - Equivalent to KP-2+ 44 - Country code for England.+2 ~ Language digit.+ A21728 - This puts you back into the London overseasSender.+ ST - To send ST you hold down the 750 Hz tone for onesecond. Once this one second burst of 750 Hz occursany other burst of 750 Hz won't interfere with thiseall.4. SF 2280 - 61 + 3 - This puts you back into Melbourne(Your second time around),+ 163 - This puts your tired finger back into Sidney.+ 81 - Back out to...(Goodncss knows where!). Let'scall the U.S. of Amerika.o. SF 750 - 991 - Equivalent to KP-2.+1-U,S, country code.+2 ~- Language digit.+ AC - Area evde.+ No. - Number (Your other line),+ ST - Start - Aqain the one second burst of 750 Hz.Note: You can't go back to England agnin because you willscrew up the first England part of the call with 2280 Hz.NOW!!! TF you haven't screwed up, IF you haven't gottenbusted, IF you put 200 watts of audio down your line, IFnone of the circuits were busy, IF your other phone wasn'tleft off the heok so it will be able to ring, IF you dialed thecorrect numbers, IF when you pick up the phone and IF itisn'ta friend calling or IF it isn't the FBI, CIA, or BellSecurity calling, you will hear a soft hiss and after whatseems like an eternity, you will hear a bizarre series ofweird tones. Don't be alarmed, it's only the supervisionSiqnal on its way to mnke that "nasty" little "tick" on yourticker tape. It will take quite a while. When all the gleeps,gloops, glitches, peeps, poops, and grunts are over, youhave just gurdied the globe! With your cute little Princessphone say hello into one phone and listen to the other. Witha Stop-watch measure the time it takes. If you are lucky,you will hear some talking. It will be you!!1) 25,000 milesaway! Really far out!(with apologies to John Denver.)Be sure to hang up the phone you called from because thebest is yet to come, Listen to the "hang-up", It really takesa long time and is real "gone"} By the way, don't be toosurprised if after the 100th try it works, It will take aboutthat long. You have everything in the world against you andonly one thing for you and that's patience, But WOW!!] Thefeeling of success when you do it is really a gas! It makes youfee] like you just ruled the world! You did - at least the.world tandems! And don't forget to go out and get the BlueBox you threw out the window]
“Helle. This ta themechanical answeringdevice aitached ie themumber yeu daled.When you hear thefone, please ive yoursumber, identHy andreusoa fer entttng. Ata Istef date, Ged and] cautpmenl willing, awarm bedy will getback te you.”
Help Stamp Out LettersGO MANY people find & hard toSratp the reseoa fer the newLS-cemt priee of m (irat-classstamp that I want to breakGown the cast ia eazy-to-waederttandterms.Of that 15 cents, 28 cents foes tedelivering the mall late. Years ago,when was simply delivered on time,R cost the post office almost nothing.Today, however, wkh the high price ofSritiaing aletter, the cost hes skyrock.In 1975, the Pests] Service installedafersne modern equipment that canGelay a letter upto six timesas tongasetd fashioned hand-delayed mail. Eachhetier goes into a mail-dawdling machinethat helds t motionless for several days.cee ear Af. Ht took 10 menthesameamount oftimeto delayaletter.teenInia crashing covets eee ate€ envelopes, mugasinesend packages. Efficient magasine man.r¥a by computers, can pew wrin.twit and rtp 756 plecee of mailevery minute, incinding al! Ieticrs mark.ed “hasd caacel.”Lyte C. Understaff, chief of the Post.al Service special mall-manglingdivision, explains: “In the old days, wehad to hire experts to erish letters,ether specialists to crumple magarinesand yet a third group of people to jumpup snd down on packages. Now, one $2WMillien mechine can do it all!”eaI told Understafi I! always thoughtmy letters and magazines were crushedby postmen wedging them into tiny mailboxes and narrow slots, but he shook hishead: “We've come quite » ways sincethose horse-and-buggy days. That teokthe carriers too long and Seft them withrough, red hands. These automaticCrushers are real timesavers.”He pointed out that 3.7 cents of theIScent stamp goes for complex letter.leaing equipment, which has replacedthe occastonal lazy. or crary postmanwho used to dump all the mall in aSarage unt H was found !{ years laterby neighborhood chiktren playing hideandserk.Of the 15 cents, sald Understalf. 1.6cents gees tate fewer mail box pickupsper day. H's very ceatly, he emphasheed,te primt up mew signs for mail baresbelling you that pickup thucs have beenreduced, pet to mention the expense ofhiring a man bo iastallai! the new lititeotgns.Two cents of the higher cost ofstamps will go toward slowing down so-called special delivery service. In (he
past, special delivery meant next-dayGelivery, but now all such mail arrivesi the same time as reg-cleaning circe-“Converting to slower special deliy-ery was quite expensive,” said Under.siaff, explaining that the purpote is toget more people to use “alr express.”which cosis $8 bot gets your letter thereas quickly as special delivery used to.eT asked him how he managed to slowdown special delivery 20 efficiently. andme said K had meant buying a lot of oldWorld War I! biplanes. but even thatdidn't do M at first, 90 tately they've hadto start using banans boats, bicycles andhorseback. “Those ponies don't comecheap anymore,” he sdded.Understaff teld me that 13 cents ofevery new stamp will be used to improve junk-mall service, which supportsthe entire postal system“Junk mail always arrives on ile,crisp and meat, because M's buadird be-forehand by companies. We'd Hhe te getmore prepie te send thely letters iaDulhan of S0@ ar L008. It's cheaper sndfaster for everyene.”The postal official continued: “We'retrying to phase out all first-class deliv.ery, which has become a real pain in theneck to the post office, by making Ht sopoky and exorbitant thal the public willbe discouraged from writing Jetlers [fpeople persist in sending letters individ.wally. we may have be start penalizingthem even further.”Finally, the last 1.4 cents of the in-crease in first-ciass service has been car.Paarked for designing and printing sewis<cent slamps. “If we didn't have toheep designing more costly stamps.”Understal concluded, "we could prob.ably hold the price down.”UR. ORFARTMENTOF RUMRAUS' FILL OUT THisFEDERAL AS.sSISPANCEREeQvutsys form.
By HE COST OF LIVING has goneup another dollar s quart,” saidW. C. Fhelds ever sa long age.(Nothing has changed, Mr. Fieids!)
TAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 1003660