NOVEMBER 1975 
THE PARTY’S OVER 
by 
tom edison 
On Sept 29,1975, N J Bell discontinued all 4-party line 
service. Bell customers were 
given the choice of either 
2-party line or private line service, at an increase in price, 
of course. Bell stated in their propoganda ad that increased 
costs of operating 4-party line service forced them to take 
this action. We all know the real reason, however, namely 
that Pa Bell wishes to squeeze its customers a little mo. 
and force them to pay more money for the same lousy ser- 
vice. But take heart, all you N J Bell customers- Pa Bell's 
greed will only add to his defeat! By forcing us to use a 
private line, Pa Bell has now 
made it possible for everyone 
to have a working Black Box on their phones. Previously, 
it was risky to use a Black Box ona 4-party line because if 
any one of the other three parties picked up their phone 
while you were boxing a call, the box circuit would be in- 
operative and the caller would be charged for the call. With 
a private line this cannot happen. 
Another problem that plagued 4-party line users was the 
connection of extension phones, The extension ringer would 
ring whenever any one of the other three partys' phones 
were called. Due to the unique way the party line phones 
were connected to the main Tip and Ring lines, all of the 
party line phones had one side of the ringer going to ground 
(yellow wire). The other side of the ringer w as connected 
through a cold cathode tube (which acts like a 
solid state 
rectifier diode) to either the Tip(-) green wire or the Ring 
(+) red wire. Phones A and B had the cold cathode tube 
connected so that they passed only + pulses and phones C 
Cand D had the cold cathode tube connected so that they 
passed only - pulses. Thus a positive pulse on the Tip line 
rang only phone A, + on Ring rang B, - on Tip rang C, and 
- on Ring rang D. 
Another way that ringing was done on 4-party lines was 
by the use of frequency selective ringers. Each ringer 
would then only respond to its own frequency. Frequencies 
ranged from 16 Hz to 66 Hz. 
‘And while we're mentioning extension phones, let's not 
forget that playing with your phone and adding on the var- 
ious accessories that we've shown in past issues is half 
the fun of having a phone, something that Pa Bell just does 
not want to share with you. Many of you are probably a 
little paranoid about doing anything to your phone and this 
paranoia is partially justified for Pa Bell does make unan- 
nounced house calls to replace phone cords, dial plates and 
transmitter mouthpieces as part of their "service" to their 
customers and how would it look if theycame into your home 
and saw all kinds of goodies and wires coming out of your 
phone? 
No. 30 
The obvious answer: INSTALL AN EXTENSION PHONE. 
for fun, profit and experimentation. And now that Pa Bell 
has FORCED private lines on us, all you have to do to con~ 
nect an extension phone is to connect it to the red and 
green phone line wires. For any kind of dial phone the line 
polarity doesn't matter; the phone will work with the wires 
connected red to red, or red to green. However, on Touch 
Tone phones, polarity is important because transistors in 
the 
oscillator circuit must have the voltage of the correct 
polarity or it will not work, In N J Pa Bell is very sneaky 
and the red phone wire must be connected to the green Tip 
line and the green phone wire must be connected to the red 
Ring line for operation of a Touch Tone phone. In N J the 
red Ring wire is positive and the green Tip wire is negative. 
The red Ring wire is also connected to ground at the Cen- 
tral Office. The phone wires usually go to the basement 
where they are connected to the lightning arrestors in 
homes and panel junction boxes in apartments. While this 
is a very 
nice easy access point to attach your extension 
wires, it is also one of the key checkpoints for phone men 
and as such should be avoided. The wires then run up from 
the basement to the floor junction box from which the phone 
gets its connecting line. 
Pa Bell, ina feeble attempt to frustrate do-it-yourseli- 
ers, is now using clear vinyl covered wires, thereby elim- 
inating 
the old standard red and green wires. Don't let this 
worry 
you. Remember, if your phone doesn't work one way 
simply 
reverse the wires and call away. The best place to 
hook into the lines is between the basement and the floor 
junction box. A good way to hide your splice is to cover 
jt with a large carpet and then nail it down. Pa Bell is 
pretty cheap with his wire but if you can pull down a little 
excess from the basement, attach your two extension wires 
and then pull up the whole mess so that nothing shows, 
you're in, An excellent wire to use is the flat 300 ohm twin 
lead used for TV antennas. It's very easy to hide, and even 
if it's spotted it'll look like a TV antenna lead-in wire. It's 
also a 
good electrical impedance match to the phone line. 
Once you've got the extension lines run to where you want 
the phone located, terminate the extension line in a stand- 
ard 4 hole floor jack. You can now simply plug in your ex- 
tension phone, or if you want, plug in your various acces- 
sories, One of 
the best ways to plug in accessories is to 
use a jack-in-a-plug which is a standard 4 prong plug at 
one end and a standard 4 hole jack at the other end. With 
this great device you'll be able to plug your accessories 
into the floor phone jack and then plug your phone into the 
accessory jack. 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1975-.Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports please. Movement groups 
may reprint without permission with TAP's address inclu- 
ded, and please send us a copy of reprinted work. Warning: 
We will prosecute violators.
FORTRESS FUN 
by 
tom edison 
A Fortress makes an excellent extension phone. Should 
you come across one lying in the road or sticking out of a 
trash barrel behind TPC's office, it is your public duty to 
remove this hazard to prevent it from falling into enemy 
hands. Once you have sneaked it safely into your home and 
are satisfied that the men from Department "S" have not 
seen you getting a hernia as you carried it down the street 
wrapped ina blanket, you may safely unwrap it for closer 
inspection. 
There are four wires connected to the Fortress. For 
home use, connect the red Ring phone line to the red wire 
and the green Tip phone line to the green wire. The ringer 
is across the red and green wires so that you can receive 
incoming calls simply by lifting the receiver off the hook. 
In order to make a call, however, you must deposit 10¢ 
but have no fear, since it's your phone and you're playing 
operator, simply connect the output of a power supply 
capable of generating a + 50 vdc, at 40 ma. to the yellow 
ground wire and the negative side of the power supply to 
the green Tip or red Ring wire. This 50 vdc. pulse (neg- 
ative with respect to ground) will drop the deposited coins 
into the coin return slot. A positive 50 vde. pulse sent 
down either the Tip or Ring wire will drop the coins into 
the coin box, a definite no-no, especially if you don't hap- 
pen to have it open yet. 
One reader suggested carrying a regular phone into a pay 
phone booth, splicing into the pay phone wires, and dialing 
away. This will not always work because Pa Bell does not 
put 48 vde, battery on the line until you deposit money. 
When you deposit money, you trip a switch which places a 
10kohm resistance between the yellow ground wire and the 
green Tip wire which completes a loop which operates a 
relay at the CO which then places 48 vdc. battery on the line. 
If you ever have to make a life ordeath emergency call 
and you don't have any change but you do have a 10kohm 
resistor and a portable telephone with you, try splitting 
open the pay phone wire and connecting the 10kohm resistor 
that has an alligator clip on each end between the yellow 
and green wires of the pay phone. This should get you bat- 
tery on the red and green wires. Connect your portable 
phone (also equipped with alligator clips) to the red and 
green wires and make your emergency call. 
Tf you ever have to make another emergency call and you 
forget to bring along your 10kohm resistor, you might try 
depositing 5¢ without picking up the receiver. This again 
should get you battery on the red and green wires. Hook 
up your portable phone and dial. To get your 5¢ back (you 
cheap bastard) you might try connecting a 50 volt battery 
+ terminal to the yellow wire and - terminal to either the 
red or green wire. Remember to use these techniques only 
for life or death emergencies, like to order a pizza or to 
place a bet with your neighborhood bookie (who, if he's 
smart, is using a cheese box circuit shown in issue #20). 
ACHTUNG! 
Beginning in the next issue, we will feature a column 
"ASk Mr. Phelps". Send in your questions and he will try 
to answer them. Mr. Phelps' field is mechanical devices 
and metalworking - research and development - and con- 
spiracy masterminding. Questions on electronics will be 
given to Barney. If you send a deposit to his bank account 
in Zurich, he will make an all-out, maximum effort to 
answer you. 
TELEPHONE LOCKS 
We often fantasize about "picking the lock" or "getting a 
master key". Well, you can forget about it. I don't like to 
discourage people, but it will save you from wasting a lot 
of time - time which can be put to better use (heh, heh). If 
these were "the good old days", it would be different. The 
old three slotters used a simple lever tumbler "locker" or 
"mailbox" lock which could be picked with a couple of mod- 
ified Allen wrenches (accept no substitutes). Old timers 
tell me they hit two or three boxes every day. They always 
contained at least $75 each, and that was back when the $ 
was worth something and the coins were silver, 
It was too good to last. Whatever else I think of The 
Phone Company, I must admit that they learn from their 
mistakes. TPC added a tubular lock. It was smaller in 
diameter that the standard Ace so one couldn't use the 
regular blank and key machine. To pick it, one had to make 
a very special pick, instead of buying it. 
Then TPC brought out the Fortress Phone. The lock 
has a hardened surface and the frame has hardened stain- 
less steel inserts, It is an eight lever type and highly pick 
resistant. Only seven hundred have been picked in the 
country, according to a report in an AT&T house organ a 
couple of years ago. Each of the eight levers has five 
positions, so 5°=390, 625 possible keys. There is no such 
thing as a master key for this type of lock. It is difficult 
to pick because when you throw each lever, it is easy to 
throw it too far and it jams and you have to start all over. 
The most practical method is to train fleas to crawl inside 
the locks and read the sizes of the levers and then fit indi- 
vidual keys to each lock. 
One often sees Fortresses bearing indications of unsuc- 
cessful assaults. Attacking one with a chisel or crowbar 
is a waste of time and energy. The picture of the back of 
the cover plate shows how formidable it is. You will note 
that hardened stainless steel bolts lock into all four sides, 
But like any safe, the Fortress has its vulnerable areas. 
When someone (I wonder who?) puts epoxy in the lock, TPC 
has to open it somehow without destroying the whole thing, 
so they drill in the proper places through the cover and the 
rotating plate, which are not hardened, Where do TPC's 
employees drill? Well, I imagine they might drill out the 
stop at A', drill and punch out the pin atC!, and drill away 
the four places marked D. This would permit the one side 
bolt to be retracted and permit the plate to rotate, retract- 
ing the other three. An alternative method might be to drill 
and punch out the four pins, but the stops at 
A prevent the 
bolts from moving in the guides B. If they then drill out 
the stops A, I believe the four bolts can be retracted man- 
ually. Gravity helps the top one but hinders the bottom one. 
The extension on the side (left in picture) remains in 
either case and may necessitate use of a crowbar. 
Tam not suggesting that anyone use a battery powered 
electric drill with quality cobalt high speed drill bits (not 
Canal Street Japanese junk) to rob TPC, Whether the 
amount of work and risk required is worth it is something 
only the prospective perpetrator can decide. However, if 
you are determined to lead a life of crime, it is advisable 
to determine how much money is in the box before proceed- 
ing. This will cost you 10¢ or a slug. Make a phone call 
and when the coin drops into the box, you can tell how full 
it is by how it sounds. If it bounces off the bottom, it is 
empty; if it quietly slushes in, heh, heh... 
One still finds the old three slotters without Ace locks 
in some rural areas. GTE, I believe, uses pin tumbler 
locks on the left side of the Fortress. Any info you have 
about these would be appreciated. Offhand, I would guess 
they are reasonably easy to pick, though not as easy as is 
shown on TV. 
Mr. Phelps
TOP 
Right side when 
viewed from outside 
5 3/4" 
4 5/8" 
> 
Coin's eye view 
of Cover Plate 
Drawing may not be exact size due to alteration during printing process 
Letters From Readers 
Dear TAP, 
Theta the pay TV company has gotten wise to 2+8=Z (Issue 
#217) and put a scrambler on all non-Z lines. It's a resis- 
tance filled white box on the telephone pole where the house 
cable joins the main line. Easy to remove or to bypass its 
guts with a simple co-ax wire. So Z is still free if you can 
climb a telephone pole. 
-CALIFORNIA- 
Dear TAP, 
How elaborate a design do you seek for a radio jammer? 
You may know already that it takes a signal only slightly 
stronger than the "bonafide" one to completely block an 
FM station. You know about capture ratio...So, if one is 
sufficiently close to the victim receiver with his small FM 
oscillator, you can kill the legitimate broadcast (or even 
utility) service. I built a small (single) transistor oscil- 
lator, tunable, to kill the offending audio in the apartment 
next door. If you radiate a clean signal (no audio modu- 
lation) you can completely silence an FM set, I suspect 
the effort required on an AM station, to be successful, 
would be too great, needing much more power, not to 
mention antennas. Here, we rely on the nuisance value of 
heterodyning against the "bonafide" signal; it simply makes 
it difficult or unpleasant to hear, But, you don't wipe it 
out unless you're really hosing some power! Might as 
well concentrate only on FM stations. HMMM,,.It sure 
would take a lot of jammers to put the NYC pigs out of 
business, but it might be somewhat easier if one jammed 
their repeaters. Guess they have a few. 
-SINBAD-
Inflation Hits TAP 
You know what that means, For four years we've kept 
the price at $2, which isn't much. Compare that to your 
monthly phone bill. Starting Dec. 1, bulk rate 10 issue 
subscriptions will be $4, the first-class sealed rate and 
Canada stapled rate will be $6, and the foreign surface 
rate will be $7. An establishment newletter of equal value 
would cost at least 5 times as much. Unlike them, we will 
continue to send free subscriptions to indigent students, 
prisoners, and others who explain to us why they can't 
afford to pay. 
So you won't think we're getting rich on it, here's what 
the money will be going for: Increased postage and printing 
costs, office expenses, and increasing our bail fund at the 
insistence of our more paranoid volunteers. Al Bell didn't 
want to raise the rate but finally agreed to, when we agreed 
not to defenestrate him. 
Here is our revised Destructory Assistance list. See 
previous issues for trading conditions. 
Phones 
Laws, 
Black, Blue, &Red Boxes 
Electronics 
Bell Reprints 
Chemistry 
Bugs and Scramblers 
Pol: 
Radio 
& TV 
Interesting phone #s 
Cuedit Cards 
Test numbers 
Installation & attachments 
Payphones 
Domestic & Foreign Codes 
Locks and Security 
Vending Macaines 
Slugs and Foreign Coins 
Personal Survival 
Ui 
ies (Electric & Gas) 
Miscellaneous 
We need info on: 
Vending Machines- locks, techniques for getting your 
money's worth, 
Locks- code books, picking methods, safe manipulation, 
sources of supply. 
Radio- pirate stations, jammers, etc. 
Cable TV- 
tapping into the line. 
tilities- info on N, J, Public Services' round ceramic 
electric meter seals. 
Burglar alarms- Holmes & other central station systems. 
Printing- methods, magnetic ink used in printing checks, etc. 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to - 
PAID 
TAP, ROOM S04, 152 W. 42 ST., N.Y,N.Y. 10036 
@ Credit Card Scanner 
‘A holographic memory unit that can check a 
credit card holder's rating within three seconds is 
now being manufactured in California. 
The 
device—which spells doom to con men or 
those who utilize stolen credit cards—is already being 
used by several hotel chains. In addition, some 
gambling casinos in Las Vegas have installed the 
rized mechanism is keyed to a laser 
beam and permits as many as 700,000 credit ratings 
to be put on a 30-foot strip of 35-millimeter film, 
‘The memory unit is used only to keep track of 
bad 
credit risks. By inserting the credit card into the 
device, 
it ean be determined whether or not the card 
holder is on the list of bad risks. 
The International Teamster 
Back Issues-Listed by feature articles 
50¢ each, 40¢ each if complete set is ordered. 
1-Extensions, Conierence Switches 
2-Blue Box Story and Abbie on Ripoffs 
3-Telecommand Story 
4-Pay Phone Issue 
ceed 
Early Model 
7- Tuning your organ, 3-slot ripoffs 
8-Credit Card Calls/1972 Code 
9 
10 Black Box 
ir 
12 Blue Box Plans 
13 Int'l calls & Codes, Bluebox plans 
14 More codes, AT&T Papers, Ca. Test numbers 
15 1973 Credit Card Code, T network 
16 Red Box plans 
17 Red Box, Line Relay, Don't Get Busted 
18 Outgoing long distance call stopper 
19 Snoop light, Taping Fortress tones 
20 Cheese Box(Conference line, or loop-arounu) 
21 Automatic Phone Tap, Convention Report 
22 Answeroo, "How we catch Red Boxers" 
23 Free Electricity 
24 Fraud Detectors, Index of TAP issues, 1974 CC Code 
25 New Red Box, Free Gas 
26 New Bluebox, Con Ed key (also 23, 29) 
27 Free Electricity, Blue Box Correction 
28 Reading Computer bills, loop suffixes 
29 Improved Bluebox & Snooplite, Int'l codes 
FACT SHEETS -25¢ each 
1. Credit Card Calling Hints 
2, Receiving Long Distance Calls Free 
(Same as Issue 11 for General Telephone Co. 
Customers instead of Bell Telephone Co.) 
Displayed Red Box 
2600 Whistle Berieci 
50¢ per set. 
Dual tone oscillator: 
Anti-Bell Button-50¢ 10/$3 
BOOKS 
Steal This Book-$2, 25 
Monopoly - 
$1.20 
Courses-50¢ each: A-Basic Electricity, B-Alternating 
Current, C-Basic Phone Operation, D-Amplifiers, 
Send Check or Money order only to ‘TAP 
Address: Room 504, 152 W. 42 St, New York 10036 
(This is a Mail Drop only) 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Rm. 608, Wed. 4-7 pm. 
NYC 10001 
BULK RATE 
U, S. POSTAGE 
Permit No. 209 
Great Neck, N.Y.