A VISIT FROM THE MEBCO MAN 
(with apologies to Clement Clark Moore) 
by Jim Phelps, with technical info by Alexander Mundy 
‘Twas the day before Xmas, and all thru the gpetto 
Not a junkie was stirring, not even a mugger; 
Garbage was strewn in the streets without care, 
‘With the assumption that the Sanitation Dept. eventually 
“would be there; 
Hordes of unwanted and unneeded children were packed all 
uncomfortably in the tenements, 
While visions of ripoffs danced in their. heads; 
Ma. and I ad just turned on for a long winter's high, 
When out on the street there arose such a clatter, 
I sprang from the waterbed to see what was the matter. 
Unlocked the gates and pushed up the sash. 
What should appear but a panel truck of Mebco Industries 
With a little old driver, so fat and lethargic, 
I knew in a moment he must work for the city (indirectly). 
A box full of tools he took 
out of the truck, 
He looked like a burglar ready to make a buck, 
He spoke not a word but went straight to his work, 
Removed the cover of the parking meter, 
And replaced the lock (which someone had driven a 2" nail 
into). 
He trudged back to his truck, | ‘and I heard him exclaim 
Ere he drove out of sight, "If only I hdd the inner 
key." 
(see #35) 
1 Well, maybe one or two. 
You wanted it should rhyme? You think I'm Muhammad 
Ali? 
Chain which fits around 
top of meter 
was 
Side rails - fit on sides 
of pipe under meter 
= a 
into key hole 
Hole is drilled and tapped in meter 
cover and screw is inserted, Bottom 
screw is then tightened with socket 
wrench, forcing screw against metal 
pole, When cover pops, crowbar is 
inserted and door is removed. 
Right Side View 
=~. 
ww” 
DEC 1976 
NO.41 
HO, HO, HO! 
MERRY XMASI 
Santa Claus has apparently infiltrated the Postal "Service" 
‘and gavé us a present. This Currier lithograph stamp is so 
erasable it's incredible! Other stamps were the 1776 Revo- 
lution stamps out this summer and still available. But save 
your erasers] Coat stamps heavily with Elmer's Glue-All 
before mailing (See #38). 
JP 
MORE TECHNOFREAKS WANTED 
We (Tom and Jim) are delighted by the response to our 
request that you let us know your special skills and interests. 
We'll assume it's ok to discreetly pass your. name on to 
selected individuals for mutual benefit. So far we've heard 
from 9 computer programmers, 8 electronic technicians, 
7 locksmiths, 6 electrical engineers, 5 chemists and demo- 
lition experts, 4 private pilots, 3 Professional Engineers, 
2 MDs, and a lineman in a pear tree. Let's hear from YOU! 
Dear People: 
If anyone would like to purchase a set of DB plans coop- 
eratively, I'm willing to put as much as $30. into it. Ifyou 
don't wish to coordinate the purchase (duplicating, etc. 
), 
have people write to me using this address, I'm willing to 
do the work involved. 
D. B. 
Box 517 
Lanesboro, MA 01237 
(413) 443-1449 
I just got Beli for $1K in a suit for cutting down my trees, 
which weren't anywhere near their wires. They settled out 
of court, dammit! Please pass that word: they're scared to 
death that people will make them stop the tree chopping 
shit and put their wires underground where they belong. 
And they don't trim - they CUT! Like they won't be bothered 
by growies for the next twenty-five years. 
tex 
I saw in the last issue you want PCBs for TAP projects. 
T have written you before offering to do this. If you are 
serious, please send me the correct schematics. Iovma 
major audio engineering concern and therefore a complete 
PCB shop as well as equipment for making hybrid ICs. 
Thave a digital LORAN (long. and lat. calculator) and a 
digitally programmed scanner (lo, hi, and UHF). What is 
the smallest microprocessor I can use to program the scan- 
ner according to my position as determined by the LORAN? 
Midnight Man 
© Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1977 - Do not make checks 
out to Youth Hot Line Reports, PLEASE! Movement groups 
may reprint without permission if TAP's address is given 
with all credits. Please send us a copy of reprinted work. 
WARNING: We will prosecute copyright violators.
WHEN THE SHIT HITS THE FAN! 
by TOM EDISON 
All right TAPPERS, the shit has hit the fan! It's time we 
clear the air about TAP, When we first opened up our office, 
it was our expectation that NYC area readers would come to 
the TAP office to exchange information and help us to put out 
issues. While there have been a number of regular "irreguilars” 
who have helped, by and large, “the volunteer help at TAP has 
been pretty piss poor. As a‘result, Mr. Phelps and myself 
have had to assume complete editorial responsibilities. 
You old time subscribbers'will remember that TAP was 
published irregularly, sometimes as much as six months 
between issues, and the mail answering can best be describbed 
as slower than whale shit! 
When the office opened in August 1975, we spent the first 
two months just trying to get rid of the huge mound of mail 
that was piled high on our desk. By the end of September, we 
not only had all of the mail answered but had managed to put 
out the October issue of TAP. And for a whole year afterward 
we came out with an issue a month. The mail was also answered 
as fast as it came in. Not bad for two people who have full 
time outside jobs! And while I'm on the subject, let me just 
remind you that we are at the TAP office ONLY on Wednesdays 
from 4-7 PM. The mail is processed ONLY on Wednesdays. 
Yes, dear NYC readers. It would have been so nice if you 
would have responded to our many pleas for help. We could 
have had a whole arsenal of resident experts who would have 
written some fantastic articles and columns. But you didn't, 
so tough shit! You had your chance and you blew it! 
Since Mr. Phelps and I are now forced to do all the work, 
we are making 
a few new policy changes. Effective immedi- 
ately: 
1, ‘TAP will no longer be published regularly. We will print 
when Mr. Phelps & I damn well please to print! 
Two issues will be mailed at one time. Bulk subscribers 
will have their two issues stapled together. First class 
subscribers will have their two issues in the envelope as 
usual, This will mean you will have a longer wait between 
issues. TOUGH!!! 
All info requests MUST be accompanied by a self addressed 
Stamped envelope. If we have the info, you'll get it. Ifwe 
don't, we'll return your envelope with either a note stating 
that we don't have the info or a note telling you where you 
might find what you're looking for. Be REASONABLE with 
your info requests. Some of you seem to feel that we're a 
branch of AT&T and have access to all kinds of TELCO 
infol We rely heavily on reader supplied info and if you send 
us nothing, you get nothing in return. We don't print our 
"We Need Info On" column for the hell of itl Anyone who 
reads our info requests, has the requested info, and does 
not sent it to us can KISS MY ASS!!! 
ALL subscription renewals MUST be accompanied by 
either your mailing label or a photo-copy of it. For YOUR 
security, we do NOT keep a copy of our mailing list at the 
office. If you send in your mailing label with your renewal, 
I can process your renewal immediately and then destroy 
the label. If you dummies insist on renewing without your 
mailing labels, your name and address will probably be 
kicked around the office for quite a while before processing. 
Tam now personally handling all new subs and renewals 
and if you renew without a mailing label, don't bitch to me 
later on about your fucked up renewal. I don't wanna hear it! 
Some of you cheap fuckers are sending us rubber checks 
that are bouncing higher than the Twin Towers so from now 
on ALL personal checks 
MUST clear your bank before we 
Process your order. This could result in a delay of a few 
months so if you want immediate action on your order, 
please send either a money order or a cashier's check. 
And finally a note to all our readers who sent us "Love" 
letters demanding to know where the hell their issues of 
‘TAP were. We did not run off to Argentina with your damn 
lousy $4 sub! We're overworked and understaffed and we 
have made the mistake of spoiling you by publishing an 
issue a month for the past year. You expect too much from 
two people! 
2, 
3. 
6. 
As I stated in my last "UP YOURS" column, I welcome 
columns and articles by readers. This issue we have articles 
by Joe Greyhound of New Jersey and Ted Vail of Illinois. I 
would appreciate it if you would let us know your opinions on 
these two new writers, If you would like to write an article 
or column for TAP, let us hear from you. If you do submit 
an article, please write legibly. We will edit and correct if 
necessary and then return it to you for final typing. All articles 
submitted become the property of TAP and cannot be returned. 
Address all opinions, articles, and columns to TAP c/o 
Tom Edison, Room 418, 152 West 42nd Street, N, Y, 10036, 
THE BIG BUST by TED VAIL 
‘The Big Bust is yours. Let's face it, sooner or later 
you're going to be busted, especially if you carelessly 
engage in illegal activities, so plan ahead. 
If you are even considering an illegal act with a 
trustworthy friend, get airtight alibis and practice them. 
I've assumed that you've got accomplices, because a solo 
crime, without even one “stooge” (lockout) is 
rather difficult. 
Make alibis as independent of your friends’ agreement with them 
as possible. "I was with him” is shit if he breaks down, 
Practice. You cannot get good at BSing a pig unless 
you 
practice. One of you play piggy, and one of you play good guy. 
An important thing to practice, so you'll remember when the 
time comes, is to keep your cool under pressure. DONT get 
scared and blab. 
Organize your group so that no one knows any more than 
is necessary about anyone or anything elec. In military 
circles this is called a "need to know". 
‘Try always to appear fairly "straight" 
in front of the 
autuoritie.. Dre:s neatly. If you are in 
school, try hard to 
get good gradez, at leaxt a B minus average. You cannot 
daagine how much this helps, In addition to the uaual venefite 
associated with grades by teachers, etc. (which are true) 
there are other benefits: for instance, insurance rates are 
usually about % percent lower for 8 average students as 
‘they assume that good students don't have the time to goof 
off, The police and other autiorities have an identical 
attitude. If you are exployed, work good and hard. lot only 
does thiz make you more money ard a good reputation, it 
advences you in the company. A company, expecially a big, 
important one, will try to help you out of trouble if you are 
a good, conscientious employee, especially if you are in a 
high, important position. This will also reduce the rick of 
them firing you if you are busted. Look at Crunch's case, on 
Page 1 of issue 39. 
Once you get away with a crime, eopecially ripping off 
something, you are temporarily home free, for about 2 weeks, 
80 make full use of this "cool" period. Don't trust anyone, 
especially your accomplices (ae few as porsible:) becuuse 
they, having most intimate knov:ledge of your crime, can 
give the most damaging testimony. 
If you have to hide stolen goods, avoid not only your 
home but any place that could be traceable to you. 
If they ask you in for questioning, rot arrest, be 
politely coo;erative and tell them a lot. Yes, a lot about 
how honest you and anyone elze they pecificnlly ask about 
are, how you never do anything cucpici-ur ,how above-board 
your activities are, ete. Give ar convincing and sincere 
Sounding a story as possible. Sound indignant. Don't hedge. 
If you »re errete¢, be quietly volite. Excercire your 
rights! 
Shut up! Tald 
only to a lawyer, and only u.der 
confide:ticl] conditions, Tie conference reon is more likely 
tham not bugged. DO NOT help the nolice in any way in an 
arrest, © 
Don't permit a search to get yourself temporarily released. 
(They might find something illegal which 42 totally unrelated 
to your crime.) Force them to get a warrant and get a copy of 
the warrant, This wastes their time, and contributes to @ 
pozsible false arrest suit. 
HEVER EVER inform on a friend, even if he signs sworn 
evidence against you! Personal scores can be settled later, 
heh, heh, and never forget that the police are trying to get 
you teed off at each other, They are the main eneny, not your 
(ex) friend. If the police find nothing to support an accusation, 
it makes the accuser(s) look like total jerks. This 1 an 
excellent form of quick retribution, and depending on the 
anount of money that you (and they) have, it could lead to 
@ lavauit for slander or something. Personally, I would be 
glad to be accused,.falsely or otherwise, if I stood to gain 
25,000 above and beyond court costs. If you have successfully 
maintained the respectable image dercribed earlier, the judge 
will be earily (cheaply) convinced that your reputation was 
seriously demaged. Cf course, it helys to get a "not guilty” 
ruling in the criminal case,
CB BULL by Joe Greyhound. 
hoe 
NU Bowen en) 
6° 
es 
8 
All Right!!! What's all the rockets and shit 
for? It's to celebrate 
the start of another fuckin 
year of TAP, WHAT?? That's no reason for rockets 
ya say? Well it's also to celebrate the beginning, 
I hope it ain't the end, of a new colum. Who 
wants to buy a fuckin TAP when they got nothin 
"bout CBs in it. THAT'S RIGHT, YOU GUESSED ITI 
All the shit on top is to get your attention,so 
you fuckin fone freaks‘'ll read this new CB column. 
In this column we're 
a tell you freaks, 
meter muffers, gas goofers, and, there gotta be CBers 
that read this shit, how to modify your CBs, and do 
other things dealing with CBs. 
. 
First off, we're gonna show ya how to put 22A in 
your sets. But lemme tell ya now. 
22A is a cool 
channel and if you wanna mess around ng of off 
on a CB, DON'T DO IT ON 22AL8431 @077772, “a that 
means SHIT, 22A is mainly for CBers who want some 
good skip conditions, 
IF you're in my area and are 
goof'in off on 22A, I'll shove your CB up your ass. 
SO REMEMBER, DON'T MESS UP 22ANtRUirqUuenenile 
IN ALL CRYSTAL SETS, that have from between 23 
and 46 crystals inside, 22A can be put in by buying 
a 27.235bHz crystal, and putting it in the 22A slot 
in your set. 
IN ALL SYNTHESISED SETS, 22A is shorted out, 
since it is illegal to transmit on it. This is 
done mostly by cutting out parts of the wafer switch 
so contact isn't made on 22A. Sometimes just filling 
in these cuts with solder or a piece of thin copper 
sheet will give you 22A, 
If 
» try the procedure 
ow. 
To put 22A in SYNTHESISED SETS ONLY you'll need 
some solid insulated wire, telephone wire works 
fine, a soldering iron, some good ‘electronics 
solder,and a'4 pole double throw switch (4PDT). 
Open your set and find the main crystal that's 
used for channels 1,2,3,and4, and the crystal used 
for channels 21,22,shorted out 22A, and23, After 
you've found them, unsolder‘em, remember where they 
go, and put them aside. Know where you want the 
switch coming out of your set so you can cut the 
wires to the correct length. Cut 8 pieces of wire 
to this length and strip about 2/16 of an inch of 
insulation off one end and about 4" off the other. 
DO THIS.TO ALL 8 WIRES! 
Put the wires aside. 
Check the switch in fig.2 for the pin #s and read 
on. Solder one crystal to pins 5and6. Solder the 
other crystal to pins 7and8. If the crystals won't 
fit, use short pieces of wire. Next solder the 8 
wires, one to each of the remaining pins. Join the 
following wires together as shown in fig.3. 
Wires 1411-2612-9&3-1084, OK, so far so good. 
Now solder the two sets of wires 9&3 - 10&4 to 
the holes in one of the empty crystal sockets of 
the set. In case you're a moron, ONE SET OF WIRES 
TO ONE HOLE OF THE SOCKET. Now solder wires 1&11 - 
2412 to the other empty socket like in Fig.3-4. 
Next mount the switch where you want it. Put the 
cover back and THAT'S ITTTTTTT,.. 0000121 
Flipping the switch will reverse the crystals. 
This will give you 22A when you flip the switch 
and the channel selector is on channel 3 and 3 only. 
There is only so much one person can know. To 
make this column a success I need more info on CBs 
So all you CBers send in info and column comments to: 
Joe Greyhound c/o TAP, 152 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, 
NY 10036 
Plate on wafer switch. 
Fill in all cuts on all plates. 
Use 
solder or copper strips 
cut to size, 
Fic. 
1 
Bottom of 4PDT switch 
showing numbered pins. - 
FIG. 2 
Wrap together and solder wires 
here only. 
To empty crystal socket. 
FIG, 3 
ist 
Other set of wires. 
set of 
wires, 
. 
us LL <— Empty socket 
FIG, 4 
Please excuse the typos that inevitably result when various 
people do the typing. I realize, of course, that Iam thwarting 
Mr. Phelps in bis ongoing and neverending search for the 
"PERFECT" issue of TAP, but 
I personally am more interested 
in content than correctness and I think you are too. 
WE'RE NOT THE FIRST ANYMORE! 
The first publication to publish the 1977 Credit Card Cxde 
was Qutlaws!, c/o Yippie!, 1007 K St NW, Wash, DC. 
For all you folks who been a writin’ in askin’ fer it, here 
it is: 123 45 6789 
9 
LPWRV2Z@HA®QM 
LETTER MATCHES (7th) SEVENTH DIGIT
Hil 
Excuse my writing-on the graph paper, but,I find that it 
makes copying of my letters almost impossible,when I use 
a tired ribbon. 
Here is one of my favorite'ripoffs. I do a lot of printed 
circuit work, and use a lot of layout material. If you drop 
a line to Bishop Graphics, Dept. 106, 20450 Plummer St, 
Chatsworth, CA 91311 on a letterhead, they will send you a 
catalog with samples and a card for your "associates" which 
can be used to get more catalogs with more samples and 
more cards, etc. etc. A good cheap way to get PC layout 
stuff, for just the price of a stamp. 
Agent 547 
Dear Tom, 
I've been receiving my copies of TAP second-hand from 
my friend Mike Packard 13613-156, We have just run into 
@ real roadblock though. The mail room officials here 
have decided that TAP might enable us to compromise the 
phone system and maybe obtain information we are not 
Supposed to have. 
We are very interested in phones, but our real interests 
lie in leased-line systems for security purposes, such as 
McCullough Loop metallic circuits and reversing relay w/ 
different forms of line security, etc. 
Neither of us is very knowledgeable about electronics, 
but we are serious students, and really want to start cor- 
responding with someone who.has the practical knowledge 
we seek. 
We bave much info in various fields to trade. We are 
two of only 8 or 10-men in here that can beat anything with 
tumblers - including TRTL - 30's, 60's, and TXTLs. 
Anyone with a similar interest will know exactly what we 
are talking about. 
So write! 
Jimmy Loyd Mead 
PMB 86504-132 
Box 1000 
Leavenworth KS 66048 
Late calls should be free 
A team of Federal Communica 
tions Commission investigators have 
recommended that telephone calls 
placed between 2:00 am and 6:00 
am be free. 
‘The team says that the phone company 
would 
be better off if it followed this 
policy. {tls costing them more to keop 
‘rack of these calls and bill the callers 
‘than they make. This is dué to the low 
number of calls during this period. 
‘They have also recommended that 
‘Western Electric and the Bell Company, 
‘both owned by American Telephone and 
‘Telegraph, 
be seperated from-AT-and 7: - - 
A Plateful 
Of Trouble 
An inmate at Trenton State 
Prison learned the printing trade 
in the ‘prison print shop and 
Promptly put it to eriminal uso; the 
prison superintendent said yester- 
ries end prin ett 
ct 
to find out which 
af 
fhe who made a printing plate 
to 
41 
counterfelt food stamps. 
“It appears to ‘be an extremely 
ry,” 
Hilton said. 
. 
was in an envelope, smong 
varely of legitimate “materials,” 
Hilton said, explaining why author. 
{ties did net know whieh inmate 
‘had made it, 
‘Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
‘Address 
all mall and checks to 
TAP, 15,2 W. 42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
Desr Jim 
Tam an EE and interested in contributing to any electronic 
countermeasures projects you may have in mind, My specialty 
is 
logic design, How about publiehing idese for coutercul- 
ture (anti-police,: ete) electronic devices? FWe need a medium 
for information 
» especially since the advent of LEAA, 
Now that lots of ordinary folks have microcomputers and such, 
we have the hardware potential to start battling the dat 
Processing might of goverment and industry. How about 
source of codes and standards for police patrol car datasets? 
They are boxes installed under the dash and connected to a 
2-way radio (or maybe they have their om transceiver) used 
for accessing NCIC or local computers for vehicle checks, 
dispatches, eto. 
The one I've seen me made by Kustom Elec- 
(same outfit that makes Kustom amplifiers 
I think) and had a standard alphanumeric 
keyboardand a Burroughs self-acan display (32 character neon 
matrix readout). I understand they also will be available 
with a hard-copy printer (probably 
like the ones used in 
electronic cash registers), I'd 
escume the data te tranemitted 
digitally. I don't know if it's 
scrambled or not. If we 
could find someone who has this information it would mean a 
simple direct line to police computers (expensive, but for 
those of us with access to free 
parts...) We need 
a contact 
in law Enforcenent Assistance Adminis’ 
has a contract for developing their fancy gadge’ 
this stuff is done with relatively simple codes and protocol 
Because ‘they figure crooks are all grade school dropouts and 
junkies. 
It would be helpful if you'd publieh ideas euch as the 
above, so those of us too lazy to think ‘en up ourselves 
might be encouraged, 
I have a good friend who wrote the software for the Post 
Office computers and also worked on the TSPS console, He'a 
not into sabotage but might have useful info if asked intel- 
ligent questions, 
Sorry, didn't have any Elmer's, 
Agent 947 
Un - Due - ing Postage 
Isn't it interesting that "postage due” stamps look just 
like regular P O issued stamps? All you need is a pair of 
scissors to remove the designation. 
Edward Extract 
BULK RATE 
U.S. POSTAGE