Blue Box Fans! Want a groovy new 
way to send your beeps into the 
pay phone downstairs, with lower 
distortion, and less risk of be- 
ing overheard? An induction 
coupler, Model PC-48,$9.95 each, 
is available from Trinetics,Inc. 
807 W. 3rd St.,Mishawaka, In. 
46544. It slips over the ear- 
piece(that's right) and can also 
ick up 
conversations for taping. 
Bat keep at least a speaker jack 
on your box for tuning, because 
tuning a box over a phone line, 
even on a local phone call, is 
definitely not cool. 
Credit for the Credit Card Code 
Article inside must be given to 
you readers, and to the news- 
papers around the country that 
are risking their neck printing 
it up, we say thanx. Which again 
proves if we contribute to each 
other, we all benefit. 
Keep sending in suggestions for 
the following: 
Corporation ripoffs, establish- 
ment fucks, healthful hints, 
names and addresses of our friends 
who wish to be known, new ser- 
vices, new outrages,new devices 
and plans for them. 
You're having trouble with find- 
ing #14 Brass washers (dime-size) 
and we know about it. Some stores 
have them listed as 1/4" I.D., or 
as 11/16" 0.D. washers. Some will 
refuse to sell to freaks, so have 
your respectable-looking friends 
go in and play plumber, or call in 
orders and then play messenger. 
Send us results, and all of you do 
a study on where they work, what 
machines require tape over the hole 
and stuff like that. We're compiling 
material for an article on using, 
making and living on slugs. Get 
with it! 
us (F THE Gov- 
ERNMENT Desyy 
STOP (T, WELL 
WE 
stop Te 
LETTER S38 
Here's a suggestion for YIPL readers: 
One very good way to obtain extra phones 
is to get them out of empty apartments 
from non-phreek friends who have had their 
phones disconnected but not removed. Here 
in Gainesville Ma Bell doesn't remove 
phones from empty apartments until new 
tenants move in and order their own phones. 
The servicemen simply take what's there, 
and if its not there it doesn't matter 
because Ma Bell doesn't keep good records 
in Gainesville and probably most other 
collegetowns where people are moving all 
the time. G.P.,Gainesville, Fla. 
Dear YIPL, 
...+.+LOVERS LETTER is a monthly public- 
ation offering practical, realistic advice 
for men on the art of love. LOVERS LETTER 
tells where to find girls, how to approach 
them and how to make them like you. We 
also give frank advice on how to extablish 
satisfying love/sex relationships. A sub- 
scription is $10/yr. LL publishing Co., 
Box 5834-H, Bethesda,Md. 20014. 
-YIPL readers- We checked this out and if 
its in your pipe it ain't too bad. If you 
want, free further details are available 
on how to sell subscriptions. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
There is a credit card system used by the 
phone company called the Code Billing sys- 
tem. A sample number is 014-5742-019. The 
first number must be 0 or 1l,and the last 
three numbers must be between 001-499.Say 
to the operator "Code billing operator.My 
number is 
If they ask what company 
it is, make one up,.or hang up. Of course, 
call from a booth. This is under test now, 
so let us know what happens.,......,
Y.I.P.L.: 
Rip offs that whag you are, I send 
you a check,you cashed it and never 
send me anything. 
I hate getting rip off by anyone, 
and I'm going to do all that I can 
to let the people know what you are. 
This is the fourth letter that I 
haved send you, you had haved more 
that enough time to fix everything. 
Well this the last letter that I will 
send you, and I hope you enjoy all your 
going to get.Rip off! R.N.,Bronx,N.Y. 
Friends: 
I'm a high school student in N.J. and 
one day last week they herded us all 
into the auditorium were this very 
straight dude from N.J. Bell proceed- 
ed to give us a speech about all the ~ 
wonderful things we have to thank them 
for(Better living thru Ma Bell). The 
only reason I can see for this propog- 
anda is that they realized how bad kids 
are fucking them and they have decided 
to nip this conspiracy in the bud. But 
the real reason I wrote this is that I 
went up to the stage and asked this robot 
to say a few words about a real scientific 
advancement, the blue box. He said that he 
didn't want to hear it and started to walk 
away so I started to tell people about it. 
This got him very uptight and he came back 
and told everyone that the blue box would 
soon be obsolete because Ma Bell was plan- 
ning to vary the tone frequencies from 
area to area and make it impossible to 
break out of the area. I don't really 
understand this but I thought I'd tell you 
to see if it is bullshit or not because 
those fuckers have me worried that the toy 
organ I'm building will soon be of limited 
usefulness.Yours truly a hopelessly para- 
noid reader. 
-Our opinion of this statement by N.J.Bell 
is that to vary tone frequencies will cost 
an incredible amount, require that all em- 
Ployees be back at work to make the change, 
would necessitate changing every 
single 
multifrequency sender in the country. 
In 
other words, it's possible, but to try to 
do it without raising rates and spending 
time, possibly years, is not. 
So build your 
organ and the fact that you will no longer 
contribute to their treasury will serve to 
prolong the changeover.-Ed. 
Dear Yip-Line- 
I just tried to make a long distance 
call from a public telephone to order 
Mexican 10 centavo pieces-which work 
in pay phones a quarters. I was just 
about to dial the number and insert the
few 10 centavo pieces I had left when 
| 
noticed that the dial had been ripped 
off. I have not commented on public 
issues in a long time but I believe 
that people who rip dials off pay 
Phones are hurting their brothers 
and sisters more than the telephone 
company. Alexander Graham Bell 
Dear Y.I.P.L., 
If any of you out there still eat meat, 
here's a helpful hint on getting the 
best and/or the biggest piece for the 
cheapest price possible. Everyone knows 
we can't shoplift or steal-the price 
we pay is too large if you're caught. 
So just take the best piece of meat and 
the cheapest piece, carefully peel the 
price label off the cheaper one and sti 
it on the good one. Return the one you 
don't want, and smile sweetly at the ca 
lady as the stuff goes through. Fuck th 
establishment-I love you Y.1.P.L. K&B, 
Florida. 
Dear YIPL- 
Here's 3 bucks-all we can afford now bu
enough to ask you to please start sendi 
our issues -in covered envelopes; we're 
getting a few hassles unnecessarily(sma 
town-P.0. workers are buddies to cops, 
etc.) and we hope a few dollars for you 
will help.Power to the people. L&W 
From C. Aicago Tribune ; Feb. tp 
He Had Their Number 
A Los Angeles man who figured out how to tap himself 
inte Pacifie Telephone Company's computer by using his 
push button phone was arrested Tuesday for stealing nore 
than $1 million worth of the com any’s equipment. Police 
ald Jerry N. Schneider, 21, had been ordering the com- 
puter to have equipment sent to a company warehouse where 
he had acquired keys, and he picked it up in the early mors- 
fag hours before warehousemen arrived. The gambit be- 
came so successful, police said, that Schneider ‘started his 
own business selling telephone equipment, and had hired 10 
employes to help him,
1972 CREDIT CARD CODE 
PREFIX 
\ ee] 
EXAMPLE - 777-331 OAS 
(ITT, NEW York CITY) 
The New 1972 Credit Card Code is the same old shit. However, instead of 
the 6th digit being used to determine the code letter, it is now the 
4th. And the ten code letters are different. Take note and pass the word 
along to friends, university billboards, local newspapers, and 
as extra 
items on your schools announcements. This is, of course, to discourage 
any degenerates who would attempt to rip off Ma Bell. They will realize 
that when they do it, everybody will be doing it, and it won't be fun. 
1-2 
ANANTA -035 
MAMI = =— O¥% 
5-8 
Brewery - 167 
MINN. 
— 126 
+-8 
WoRTH NS. 
O91, OTF 
5-0 
BOSTON - OO! 
NEW MEXICO — 105 
6-H 
HICAGO, — 
OV. 
NEW YORK CITY ~072,07%, 
1 Me 
ae ari wo - At 
t viciniry) 
Oa! 
8— 
bETROIT — 
3 
Puna. — OF! 
qa-A 
M 
° 
oe 
PITTS. — 030 
ck 
@Q BO 
dy OUST ON - 
SAN. FRAN, - 158 
sh PCI APD 
(6 Los ANeELES 
— 182 
WASH. D.C. 7032 
€ 
TIPS: At night (5pm to Mid.) the majority of the pig operators are working 
ng 
and your chances of running into one is greater. Avoid peak calling periods. 
They might question you and stuff like that, in which case hang up, or if 
asked the number calling, say that its a 
phone booth(which it should be) 
Don't continually use the same phone booth, or the same credit card number, 
or call at the same time or same day. 
It's easy to vary your schedule. 
Known phony credit card numbers are kept on a PHONY LIST, so keep changing 
the number, gang. 
If you call in the Atlanta area, the operators there have a list of all 
possible telephone prefixes for that area. A credit card number having a 
035 along with a prefix that is non-existant in Atlanta is obviously phony. 
Make sure your prefix in the number exists in the area of your code. 
Just because you get your call through, don't think your done. The oper- 
ator may come on the line silently to verify the call, or she may simply 
stay on for a few seconds to see that you got through. 
If you gave her a 
rubber number and she knows it, she may let the call go through just so 
her supervisor can get on the line to invade your privacy, tape record the 
conversation, trace your calling number, and later bust you. So don't say 
right out to your friend,"Hey, man, I just used a phoney credit card number" 
If you call someone, make sure they know what to tell them when and if 
they contact him/her about the call. Have your friend say"I'm sorry operator 
but many people use this phone, and I get so many calls its hard to remem- 
ber, but [ think his first name was Steve, and he called from Cincinnati." 
(They already know the city, so you aren't helping them but sound sincere). 
Never give a last name, or his phone number. Be real polite, if they are. 
But refuse to pay if they bill you. 
Note your phony calls down so you can 
see if they pull something like that. 
Refusing to pay leaves you in very 
good shape of ending up paying. And by the way, they might look through old 
phone bills to see who called in the past, and they might say that so-and-so 
called you and you should admit it. Well, DON'T ADMIT IT. They're only 
guessing. If they knew they wouldn't bother calling you, now would they?
For those of you who can't take it any longer and are planning on moving 
to Canada, you might be interested to know that there are a goodly number 
of YIPLs there already. 
You might also want to get a copy of The Canadian 
Whole Earth Almanac, 341 Bloor St. West, Room 208, Toronto, Canada for the 
sum of $3, or a years subscription for $9. Community Television work is 
being done in Canada by Videotech,111 Sparks St., Ottawa, Ontario. Write 
them. 
Various readers have been suggesting that we discover a way to let 
phone phreeks contact each other. 
To some, printing names and phone 
numbers is not too cool. However, to some, receiving YIPL is not too 
cool. We want to hear more from you as to suggestions for ways to do it, 
or if you think we should just print a list of people who want to be prin- 
ted. 
When writing to us, never place the stamp 141/2 inches too low or it won't 
be postmarked. We can't do that. Why, just think what that would mean. The 
post office would lose income, and we would no longer be able to afford to 
build bombs and defoliants and RAID.-Not only that, but our elder statesmen 
would start to make statements to the press about yippies and ripper-offers. 
Furthermore, the post office would be forced to stop using the dumb machines 
to pestmark letters and to handcancel instead, thus forcing the hiring of 
twelve million workers and ending unemployment in this country, which would 
in turn cut down profits to the nice folks who brought you Attica and Hiro- 
shima. No, we can't have that happen. So be good little automatons and put 
the stamp right up in the corner there, 
where Robby the Robot and his pal 
Dicky can put their good seal of approval on it. 
We'll be back sometime in the near future with an article you will find 
well worth waiting for, we hope. Till then.....A subscription to YIPLis 
$2/yr, and back issues are 50¢ each. We will give you a free subscription 
if you really cannot afford it, and that's why we cost what we do. If you 
can afford it, send us bread and stamps, please. YIPL, Room 504, 152 W. 42 
St., N.Y.,N.Y. 10036, and don't send cash! 
#1-Installing extensions #2-Blue Box Story #3-Telecommand Story 
#4-Pay Phone issue #5-Organ plans(1) #6-Organ plans(2) #7-Tuning Organ 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to: 
TAP, 152 W.42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
“Help! Help! I’m out of order!”