, aa 
cae” 
SEPT. 1976 
NO. 38 
GIVE THE WATER COMPANY 
A BLOW JOB 
Regaraing Issue #29 on Wate 
T found 
way to beat the things. 
meter, (Use 
with tape to avo’ 
the water to drain out, the! 
wheel inside will re 
you put thru. It reg: 
blown thru it, because it keeps s 
good wind, reverse the 
b 
instead of sucks. 
Tape th 
outlet and turn it on. 
parts so don't do this too lo 
ticularly useful with 
summe 
being 
fooled around 
¥ 
y 
Don't be greedy. Like everything else, there is only sc 
much usable water 
i, 
Also, the 
water company will 
wonder what the hell is goin 
f 
the; 
home with 
2d 
consumption of fifty 
mple 
onnect the 
r them 
TP) Allow 
utlet fitting, 
‘The 
to the meter's 
have plastic 
me session, This is par- 
nere the meter is 
six people in it 
registering 
gallons a month, 
Agent 038 
Very clever! If the 
inlet and outlet fittings are 
identical, 
it would be po: 
let the 
water flow be 
ek or So per month. 
Eventually meter manut 
y install 
a 
check valve 
to 
prevent th 
t 
event, 
one 
could remo 
periodically 
e it with a length of pipe. 
I'm glad to 
houses SHOULD b 
would’be for washing, 
the lawn and 
garden 
excellent fertilizer. 
‘The other system for "sewa 
In his excellent book I 
Papanek tells 
how bh 
one for, ahem, #1, and 
erable amount of 
people were too 
‘The sewage can be ani 
(natural gas), If all 
produce 1 1/2 
tim 
country and that's 
rivers and ocea 
gas prices. 
‘There is an old Por 
g 
shit were ever to bi 
y value, the pi 
without assholes!’ If so, I 
not be surp 
strange mutation occur among welfare "clients" et al in the 
next few years. 
Tim Phelps 
ncernt 
negli 
rid, Victor 
ith two flush lev 
Tt would save a consid 
nufacturer told him that 
pt i 
converted into methane 
essed, it would 
make checks 
vement groups 
© Youth Hot Line Repor 
out to Youth Hot Line 
F 
may reprint witl 
with all credits, Please s 
WARNING: We will prosecute 
Dear Jim,, 
Iwas talking to an engineer who 
works at the electric 
company in Connecticut and he 
told me something about 
how the electric company tries to catch those who jump 
the meters, He said they have a computer program running 
that looks for a decrease in the amount of electricity used. 
It doesn't even have to be a large decrease - a gradual long- 
term change will be picked up. When this happens, they will 
send a serviceman to look at the meter and see if it's been 
jumped, Also, they know how much energy an electric water 
heater uses, and if you have one and are using léss than it 
requires, you're fucked. He said the only way (> prevent 
the computer program from picking up the ripoff is to jump 
its soon as electricity is brought into a new house. And, 
in light of what he said about the water heater, you may 
still get caught. 
So be careful, Connecticut power phreax. 
Agent 067 
Fascinating, as Mr. Spock would say. And discouraging, 
eh? Almost enough to make a person honest, As energy 
gets more and more expensive, (and it WILL continue to, 
as conventional cheap sources are used up) suppliers will 
get more and more uptite about people ripping it off. 
Americans wasted more fuel in 1975 than was used by 
two - thirds of the world's population. It's quite easy to 
reduce one's consumption of it, especially for water 
heaters, as you can see by this. 
SOLAR HEATING PLAN 
| cose of operating « 
hot water system by about hak 
OFFERED BY UTILITY |—up to 75 per cent in the sum 
ny summer months 
and 25 t 
BOSTON, Sept. 6 (Reuters)—|30 
per cent in the cloudy wintet 
For $200, a limited number of|season, when an electric bow 
customers of the Massachusetts ter aystem will supplement tht 
Electric Company are to be in-\sun when needed. 
Vited to have a solar heating) 
Under the plan, spectal sola, 
device installed in their homes|panels will be installed atop 
to heat water. 
pipes through which water will 
‘The company said Thursday circulate. The heated water 
that it planned to advertise for then goes to a storage tank 
potential solar energy users in until it is needed. 
about two weeks. 
William’ Cardigan, president 
Each of the 100 customers|of the utility, said, "We want 
selected will get the solar heat-/to know how efficient solar 
ing units at a fraction of their energy is as a water heater, 
cost, estimated by the company how much money it will save 
at, $1,000 to $1,600, 
customers, and if the savings 
‘The utility estimaied that the will offset the cost of, equy 
use of sola? energy would cut ment” 
‘That "regular" price does look excessive, however. 
Anyone with enough skill to build a blue box should be able 
lar heater for a reasonable amount. The May 
Popular Science featured an article about several simple, 
low priced, easily made units 
‘The only problem is that tax parasites may consider it 
an "improvement" and try to raise your property taxes. 
Don't let them! Yell, and write angry letters, and have 
demonstrations. It'll be worth it, Remember, you'll be 
reducing your dependence on the System. 
Accessible hot water pipes should be insulated, or 
they'll act as radiators, even in the summer. And, of 
course, there's th 
id "Shower With a Friend" idea to 
save hot water. 
If you're not already familiar with it, The Mother Earth 
News ($10 per year from Box 70, Hendersonville, NC 28739) 
is a good source for info and ads about alternate sources of 
power. 
Of course 
if 
something should, 
~ 
‘we'll expect you to pay for it!” 
© 1976 by Public Citizen, Inc.
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION 
One of our readers wrote in requesting info which may be 
Classified. It's not available under the Freedom of Infor- 
mation Act, anyway. That didn't stop us, tho! We got it 
and sent it to him. If anyone else needs this info, it's 
available to anyone with a "need to know". We're not going 
to publish it, or even tell what the info is, because we 
think it's just as well that Big Brother doesn't know that 
we know. The point is, if you need info, one of our read- 
ers, or 2 member of the Advisable Missions Force, may 
be able to help, As I said a while ago, if you send money 
to my bank account in Zurich, I'll make a maximum, all- 
out effort. 
You've been coming thru with most of the info we've 
been requesting. Sometimes we get only one reply, but 
that's enough. Sooner or later, we'll get those articles 
published. In the meantime, here are some more requests 
IBM Selectric type balls - One of us has a new toy and is 
looking for a source of low priced new or used type balls, 
or "elements", as they're called. 
Driver's license type styles - NY and many other states 
use unique type styles on their drivers licenses. We'd 
like to know more about them. 
Telc« test and "house" numbers - such as Ringback, Veri- 
fy, Tone Frequencies, etc. These are usually ---99xx. 
We have some of them; we'd like them for all areas. 
‘The Paper Trip ~has already been described on 
60 Minutes" and in the Reader's Digest (God! the 
Reader's Digest!). When it gets to RD, you know it's 
common knowledge and the end may be near. Already 
there are rumors about increased difficulty in getting 
SS numbers, There is talk about National Identity 
Cards. "For our own good", of course. One of our 
Paper Trippers would like Xeroxes of birth certifi- 
cates - from anywhere and everywhere in the U.S. 
You can blank out the name and address if you like before 
Xeroxing. If every TAP reader sent in one certificate, 
we'd have a pretty good assortment. Maybe @ good way to 
get them would be to insist on a be with each renewal. 
GTE pay phone locks - these are simple pin tumbler 
locks. How many pins, mushroom pins, etc. Do not 
send locks to us! 
Etched circuit board design for Red and Blue Boxes. 
Radio controlled traffic lights - some cities have them. 
(Erie, Pa. is one of them) We'd like to know more about 
them, 
FEEDBACK ON BODY ARMOR 
Sarco, 323 Union St, Stirling, NJ 07980 offers two vests. 
The larger one, with groin protector, weighs 2.5 lbs. and 
goes ior $110. The smaller one with no groin protector is 
$62.50. “These are Nylon vests and are represented as 
being able to stop a . 45 bullet at 5 feet. 
Kevlar material is available from your friendly neighbor- 
hood sailmaker in a variety of colors, It's nasty stuff to 
work with and must be either sewn by hand or with a HEAVY 
duty machine. Your Singer Zig-Zag will not handle it. 
INFORMATION WANTED 
would like to obtain a dimensioned drawing or accurate 
sketch, w'th dimensions, for a Mark II Sten gun, receiver. 
‘This is a nice little weapon and is designed to be made with 
a minimum of machining. All the parts are available, ex- 
cept the receiver, from a number of surplus dealers, no 
restrictions, no license required. It's a real shame to see 
all that expensive hardware go to waste. 
Agent XYZ 
Ah, the Sten! ‘Also known as the Sten-ch. I remember 
pack in '57 or so, they were available for $12.98 or so, 
with plugged barrels. Then some bastard wrote an article 
in the Saturday Evening Pest about how easy it was to 
replace the barrel. 
Government agency house numbers - In Fun City (as 
it's ridiculously known), there is a number which any 
fuzz can call to learn the owner's name and address of 
any license plate. There is no hassle- no "what is your 
badge number and what precinct are you calling from?" 
This is just one example There are many other useful 
numbers we would like to know about. 
Dear TAP People, 
Another strange publication with things in common with 
TAP is Libertarian Connection, Box 90913, Worldway Postal 
Center, LA, CA90009, You can get a recent issue for $1.50 
(checks payable to Lisa Dawn) Basically, LC is a subscrib- 
er written magazine with almost no editing. Each subscriber 
who wants can send in two pages of typewritten material 
which is reproduced and indexed into the LC and then sent 
out, Since many mags fail due to the editorial and other 
work, this is a good way. Articles range from life exten- 
sion to self liberation to about anything else. Many TAP 
readers might enjoy LC and since TAP has been plugged 
there many times, maybe you could reciprocate. 
‘The Libertarian Information Cooperative, among other 
things, owns the entire set of electronic plans published by 
Don Britton Enterprises, Drawer G, Waikiki, Hawaii, 96815. 
They sell a catalog for a buck, if you want a detailed list of 
the plans. LIC will rent any of the plans and you can then 
copy or redraw them. 
Loompanics Unlimited, Box 264m, Mason, MI 48854'sells 
unusual books. One of their best is the Poor Man's James 
Bond, a sort of how to manual of bombs, poisons, etc. Much 
better than the old military manuals some outfits try_to 
peddle. /T'll be reviewing PMJB one of these issues.7 Others 
of their line deal with shoestring publishing. They also have 
conspiracy theory books, showing how gov't and big business 
insiders collude to run the world far differently than the 
average man realizes. Best thing, besides being a distribu- 
tor of subversive application, is they sell ata discount, and 
go to extra effort to maintain security. Catalog is free. 
INFORMATION WANTED 
I would like to have a plea for electrosleep machine plans 
printed in TAP, Seems the AMA or FDA or somebody has 
been negative about them and forced early imported models 
off the market, I know of one source but they want $600, 
IG 
L C has been around since the late '60's. Even longer 
than TAP! It's improved quite a bit over the years (haven't 
we alll) We know what you mean about the "editorial and 
other work", If any TAP reader wants to submit camera- 
ready, literate articles with no spelling errors, typed with 
a single-shot carbon ribbon, with 5 inch wide columns, it 
would save us a lot of work. I know that's asking too much - 
we're lucky if we can even read your scribbling. 
Loompanics' catalog is excellent! 
We spend one-third of our lives sleeping but know very 
little about the process. One theory is that 4 to 5 hours of 
deep, concentrated sleep (as indicated by delta waves on an 
EEG) would be sufficient, "At any given time, only 1/3 of 
the people are asleep. The other 2/3 are awake and may be 
up to mischief." John Foster Dulles (I believe). Imagine 
if we could get along on 4 hours - only 1/6 would be asleep - 
the other 5/6 might be up to mischief! 
‘There have been a few articles about ESMs printed in 
psychological journals. Check Psychological Abstracts 
circa 1970, available in large city and college libraries. US 
Patent 3, 160,159 describes an ESM which used tubes (re- 
member tubes?) and none of the components! values are 
given. If any of our readers are really into advanced cir- 
cuit design, and would like to give ita try, I'll send youa 
copy. 
IP 
TECHNOFREAKS WANTED 
Ifwe are forced to destroy our mailing list to prevent 
its falling into the wrong hands, that's itl So write Tom or 
me, now, and get on our private secure lists. Tell us what 
your skills and interests are.
BLACK BOX BLUES by Tom Edison 
I've been informed by some Connecticut and Tennessee 
readers-that the Automatic Black Boxes (See Issue # 33) are 
not working in their areas, The Black Box circuit has been 
kitchen tested the world over and has had The Good House- 
keeping Seal of Approval on it for years! There are three 
basic reasons why a Black Box will not work, First, the 
circuit may be either wired incorrectly due to carelessnes 
or damaged due to piss poor soldering. Second, since every 
phone line is different and has its own idiosyncracies, special 
compensating circuits may have to be added to equalize the 
Black Box to your phone line. Third, if your phone exchange 
is ESS, no Black Box circuit will work due to the fact that 
the audio circuits are not connected until the called phone 
has answered and since a Black Box simulates a phone in 
the on-hook position when it's working, the audio circuits 
will not connect. 
The easiest of these three problems to cure is the third. 
Just move out of the ESS exchange to one that's operated by 
Crossbar. If moving is out of the question, then I'm afraid 
that the Black Box will be nothing more than an academic 
study for you, Of course you could always complain to Bell 
that his ESS is killing your Black Box and ask to be serviced 
by Crossbar but you have about as much chance for that as 
you have for getting your phone rates reduced or your phone 
"service" improved! 
Solid state devices such as zener diodes are very heat 
sensitive so you must be careful when soldering them. Use 
a heat sink when soldering the two diodes together and when 
soldering them to the two switches. Simply wrap a rubber 
band around the closed handle of a pair of long nose pliers. 
‘This will hold the jaws closed when clamped near the diodes 
to be soldered. The large surface area of the pliers will help 
dissipate the heat of your soldering iron or gun. Use a good 
grade of solder such as 60-40 and a low wattage gun or iron 
about 25-40 watts. Be sure you know which ends of the diodes 
are the cathode and anode. Remember that in the Auto Black 
Box the anodes of both diodes are soldered together and the 
cathode of the zener is connected to the + Ring line while the 
cathode of the other diode is connected to the - Tip line. Make 
sure of your phone line polarity before you solder the diodes 
into the circuit. If either diode is reversed or you connect the 
diodes to the wrong sides of your phone line the Black Box 
will not work! 
‘The differences of every phone line can cause problems that 
can be solved by a little detective work. A multimeter is useful 
for obtaining clues needed to solve your Black Box problems. 
Although Pa Bell uses standard 48 volt batteries and 105 volt 
20 Hz ringing current, the electrical characteristics of every 
phone system are different due to the fact that the phones are 
located at various distances from the CO and due to the fact 
that the many varieties of phones available all have different 
characteristics themselves. Usually the further you are from 
the CO the lower the line voltage due to the larger DC resistance 
of the phone lines. By measuring the on-hook voltage and then 
comparing it with the standard 48 volt line voltage you can 
determine if your phone line has a large or small resistance 
from the CO. You cannot use this method to determine if you 
are located close or far from the CO because it's possible to 
be close to the CO and still have a low line voltage due to other 
factors such as poor terminal contacts but since the only thing 
that you really want to know is whether your line resistance is 
large or small, this method will do nicely. 
Once you've determined if your phone line resistance is 
large or small, you're ready to perform the static testing 
of your Black Box. The standard value of resistance for a 
Black Box is 10 Kohms. If your line resistance is low and 
line voltage high, you might try a larger value of resistor 
such as 12 or 15 Kohms while if your line resistance is high 
and line voltage low, you might try a smaller value of resistor 
such as 8 or 9 Kohms, To make the static test switch off your 
Black Box and lift the receiver to your ear. You should hear 
normal dial tone. Now switch your Box on. You should hear 
1-2 seconds of dial tone and then the line should clear and 
you should only hear the "white" or background noise. If it 
takes 3-5 seconds to clear the line it could mean that the CO 
relays aren't too sure what to do and finally decide to lock in 
the "off" position, This could mean that your Box resistor is 
too small and is allowing too much current to flow through 
the CO relays. Replace it with a larger one. The one problem 
with using a larger resistor is that it reduces the available 
current needed to operate the carbon mouthpiece. This can 
be solved by using your own battery as shown in Issue # 36. 
The next circuit to check out is the ring stopper. Either 
the manual or zener diode method can be used but I prefer 
to have both methods available as a backup system. The 
manual ring stopper functions by momentarily shorting Ring 
and Tip together resulting in a large momentary surge of 
current lasting long enough to stop the ringing but not long 
enough to start the billing. To runa 
static test of the ring 
stopper shut off your Box, lift the receiver to your ear, and 
Switch on the Box to clear the line. With the receiver still to 
your ear hit the ring stopper button for a few seconds and 
then release it, You should hear a short burst of dial tone 
and then the line should clear again. If this does not happen 
you have wired the circuit wrong. Recheck your wiring for 
any errors, correct them, and retest your ring stopper so 
that it does work. 
To run a dynamic test have a friend call you locally from 
a pay phone. When your phone rings, switch your Box on and 
hit your ring stopper. After the ringing has stopped pick up 
your phone, talk to your friend for a few minutes, and then 
let HIM hang up but you keep the receiver to your ear. If your 
friend's dime (or slug!) is returned and you do NOT get a 
new dial tone on the line, your Box is working correctly. If 
your friend's dime is NOT returned and you get a new dial 
tone about 15-30 seconds after he has hung up, it means that 
one of two things has happened. Either you held down the ring 
stopper button too long and billing started vr Pa Bell has got 
a hell of a new Black Box foiler! ‘The reason you're testing 
using a pay phone is because if you used a home phone or 
your own ringback number, you'd stop the ringing but you 
wouldn't be able to tell if the billing was stopped or not. 
With the pay phone the returned dime tells you immediately 
that your Box is in good working condition, 
‘To test the zener ring stopper have a friend repeat the 
above procedure. The zener ring stopper works very fast, 
on the order of 
a few milliseconds, so there shouldn't be 
any worry about the CO billing relays being activated. The 
only problem aside from connecting them backwards and 
burning them up during soldering is that they can work too 
fast! 
When your phone starts to ring, 105 volts 20 Hz is super- 
imposed on the 48 volt DC line. During the first ringing cycle 
as the ringing voltage climbs to 56 volts, the zener quickly 
starts to conduct. As the ringing voltage gets larger, the 
zener conducts more and more until a sufficient amount flows 
through the ringing relay and disconnects the ringing generator 
at which time the line voltage goes back to its normal 48 volt 
level which then causes the zener to stop conducting. Remember, 
all of this takes place in a few milliseconds during the first 
ringing cycle, It is possible to have the zener fire so early 
during the first ringing cycle that it effectively shorts out the 
phone ringer so that it won't ring but doesn't conduct enough 
current to stop the ringing generator at the CO! To correct 
this problem use a zener diode that fires at a higher voltage 
level, say about 70 volts. This will cause the zener to fire 
later in the first ring voltage cycle and give a larger spike 
of current. 
If you have difficulty locating the zener voltages and wattages 
that you need remember that zener voltages and wattages are 
additive. For example, two 28 volt 2 watt zener diodes are 
equivalent to one 56 volt 4 watt zener diode if they're soldered 
anode to cathode. In this way you can get any value of firing 
voltage and wattage that you need to experiment around until 
you find the correct values for your Black Box. Whatever 
value‘of voltage you finally decide on, be sure that the total 
wattage that they dissipate is at least 5 watts. This will prevent 
any burnout, 
I've tried in this article to list the problems and give some 
useful solutions for the correct operation of a Black Box, which 
I personally feel is the greatest invention since pizza. With 
Bell's new CC, 1.8, system just around the corner, the time 
left for Black Boxing is getting smaller! Get the most out of 
your phone for free right now! I've done all that | can do, The 
rest is up to you. Good luck, have fun, and don'tiget caught!
LAST ODDS & ENDS! 
by 
TOM EDISON 
This is my last "Odds & Ends" column! I have been advised 
by my infamous colleagues, Al Bell and Mr. Phelps, that my 
column title is too dull, While I never claimed that my title 
was earth shattering, it did serve its purpose. My column 
is a potpourri of interesting and informative (I hope!) shit. 
Iwill, however, yield to the majority and rename my column 
next issue. If any of you readers would like to offer some 
suggestions for a new name for my column, please write 
to me c/o TAP, No smartasses need apply! 
I was going to have an article on interconnecting CB radio 
after I had experimented with the CB rig that I was going to 
get this summer but because of the recent asinine ruling by 
the FCC that the 17 new CB channels would NOT be allowed 
to be added to all present 23 channel CB radios, I decided 
to wait until January 1977 when the new 40 channel CB rigs 
will be available, Not that it's going to do any good but you 
CB supporters might write the FCC and bitch about this 
stupid ruling. It certainly couldn't burt! 
‘The following new list of off-hook currents together with 
the two previous lists support my observation in "Black Box 
Blues" that even with standardized line voltage and switching 
equipment each individual phone line has its own operating 
characteristics. My personal thanks to the 23 readers who 
were kind enough to send in their off-hook currents. It's 
nice to know that there are some people who give a damn 
and want to help their fellow readers, Shame on the rest 
of youl 
OFF-HOOK CURRENTS 
Aldergrove, British Columbia 
55 ma 
Dolton, I. 28 ma 
Hacienda Heights, Ca, 
23 ma 
Lafayette, Ind, | 43 ma 
New Haven, Conn, 
50 ma 
Pittsfield, Mass. 
30 ma 
Springfield, Mass. 
58 ma 
sam and Charles, those notorious Litchfield Larcenists, 
sent me not only the N.Y. Times newsclip reprinted on the 
back page but also the name of an electronics company that's 
selling 56 volt zener diodes for § 1.25 each or 5/$ 5. As they 
so correctly pointed out it's our duty to take care of those whe 
take care of us And since this company was so considerate to 
offer a quantity discount for all us Black Box manufacturers 
Iam only too glad to give them a plug: 
B-2E 
Delta Electronics Company 
P.O. Box 2 
7 Oakland Street 
Amesbury, Mass, 01913 
I've had an inquiry from a reader asking me if there's any 
effective way to stall Pa Bell at your front door while you run 
around your house removing all your "goodies" from the phone 
line after the Security Dept. Goon Squad has made an unfriendly 
unannounced visit to catch you using your homemade equipment 
which has been detected by Bell's 3:00 AM snoop testing program, 
which is being paid for by us through higher phone rates! Yes, 
dear reader, there is a solution to this problem. All you need 
is a kid under 18 years old, preferably your own, but if you're 
single, separated, divorced, widowed, or gay you can always 
borrow your neighbor's kid. Have the little bastard go to the 
front door and tell the Bell Security Pigs that Mommy & Daddy 
aren't home, It is Bell policy not to allow their Security Agents 
to enter a home occupied only by a kid. This is due to the 
widespread rumor that all Bell Security Agents are perverted 
child molesters. 
‘And speaking of perverted child molesters, welcome back 
to Canada, Scott! 
Back Issues are 50¢ each, 40¢ each if you order 30 or 
more, See previous issues for list of feature articles. 
Subscriptions - 10 issues - US bulk rate $4. 
US First Class in plain sealed envelope $6, 
Canada & Mexico stapled $6. Foreign 
$7. 
IMPORTANT! Include mailing label or Xerox copy 
when writing to TAP about your subscription. 
Book - Monopoly $1.20 
Courses - 50¢ each A - Basic Electricity B-A.C. 
C - Basic Phone Operation D - Amplifiers 
Send only check or money order (NO CASH) to 
TAP, 152 W 42 Street, Room 418, New York 10036 
This is a mail drop only. 
Office: 1201 Broadway, Room 608, New York 10001 
Hours: Wednesday, 4- 7 pm. 
TAP T-shirts $4, Specify size: Small, Med., Large, X-Large. 
CORRECTION! 
Don Harbolt, who we mentioned in #37, has been trans- 
ferred. If you need help with those experimental electronic 
circuits, write him at Box PMB 30682, Atlanta, GA 30315, 
Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 
Address all mail and checks to 
TAP, 152 W.42 ST, ROOM 418, NY 10036 
HURRICANE BELL ? 
From an Atlantic City 
phone booth, amid: Monday's 
Preparations’ for Hurricane 
Belle, Mayor Joseph Lazarow 
was ‘broadcasting a public 
announcement over a local 
radio 
station when an opera- 
to 
‘Deposit 10. cent 
for another three minutes.” 
Mayor Lazarow tried to ex 
plain that he was giving 
38 
‘urgent instructions. concern 
Ing the storm. "Deport an- 
er 10. cents, 
please,” the 
‘perator persisted. Searching 
ifs pockets fora: dime. the 
Mayor was cut off before he 
could find one. 
From The August 11, 1976 
New York Times 
BULK RATE 
U. S. POSTAGE 
PAID 
Permit Na, 209 
Great Neck, N.Y.