CIRCULATION 500+— VOLUME 6NOVEMBER ‘7!
“As | told the tribunal a Nu-rembderg. | did not know thatHither was a Nazi. For years |thought he worked fee thephone company.”YOUTH INTERNATIONAL
A few of you have written us asking ifthe Esquire article is factual. It is.However, some numbers have been changedto protect the innocent. For example,the loop numbers have been changed bythe telephone company. And they maychange others because of the article.But the box works, and the explanationthe Esquire article gives is correct.Including when they say that callinginformation from a home phone and usinga box is not wise. If you want to makea box Like Gilbertson's, see letter'scolumn.Some readers have been having trouble usingthe blue box tones on pay phones. One reasonis that an intercepting operator might hearthe tones and suspecting a malfucthe tones and suspect a malfunction in theequiptment(a common. occurence). She then cutsyou off. You don't however, always run intoan intercepting operator. If you dial longdistance information(area code, 555-1212) orif you call late at nite you usually have abetter chance of getting through. Also realizethat the fucked-up phone system cannot handleall the calls in the U.S. on certaing nights.Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday all suck.Expect to get a busy signal or operator record-ing on these nights.A box works better on a home phone, but it isof course more dangerous that way. Next timeyour relatives invite you over, call from thereand they'll never get hassled for one call, ifthe phone company even manages to trace it. Anold couple won't be charged with using a box ifyou connect onto their wires in an apartmentSuilding basement. Always use an 800 number,like 800-243-1111 when calling on a non-payphone. But please, don't call on your ownline. That's asking for trouble.—
PARTY LINESTATEMENT OF PURPOSEHere we go again. The YIPL idea is limitedif the research is left up to the staff. Ifour readers send in information that wouldbe useful to other readers, and that meansany information, related to phones, food,entertainment, transportation, or anything,then we would pretty soon have a centralizedinformation pool that would be incrediblywell-stocked with useful hints. We want thispaper to be totally reader-supplied soon.So if you want to help with this project, allyou have to do is send your idea to YIPL,Room504, 152 W. 42 St., NY, NY. 10036. All usefulideas will be published. Announcements of newpublications and events are also welcome. 5oget those cards and letters coming in.
THE FOLLOWING IS A RECENTCOMPILATION OF CREDIT. CARDCODES BY AREA. (1972)Atlanta 035Detroit 096,082Minneapolis 126Connecticut 020NYC 072,074,021North. N.J. 091,094Houston 151Los Angeles 182San Fran. 158Wash.,D.C. 0322Boston OO1Chicago O97Philadelphia O41Pittsburgh 039Nixon's law firm- 32237 OOH? 023HPublished for informational purposes only by the Youth International Party Line.

LETTERS TOTHE READERSNear Youth:‘lope you enjoyed the article inEsquire, Technical details forthe small machine will follow ineither the Realist or Sun Dance.-\1 Gilbertson--And in YIPL, of course.-f£d.Dear YIPL:Here's another tip for.ripping offBell. Suppose you open up a jointcalled Dope Specialties, and you.want the business phone listedunder that name. Upon checking withlocal business office you learn thatthey want to rip you off for a 25doliar deposit plus 12 dollars amonth,No this: first have the phone listedas a personal phone-8 bucks a month.Then write the pigsness office andSay you have a foriegn student fromAfghanistan living with you for ayear and you want an additional list-ing for him. (They cost 50¢ monthly).His name is specialties dope, and loand behold the telephone listing comesout last name first as Dope Specialties102 dollars a year instead of 169,Another idea; rip off a repairman'shandset or get a friend to do it.‘You can hook into anyone's phone terminalson the outside of their house, or apartmentbuilding and dial away. You can also use themon bare terminals which are in most outsidephone beoths. You can only dial locally orget an operator this way, but place a longdistance cail and when the operator asks forthe money drop it into the phone and let herhear the dings (only works on old style ones)cause you can get the money back by pushingthe coin return. If you are really cool,carry the handset when you travel and justclimb any telephone pole and connect in anddial away.By the way, stay cool on the blue boxes, theyare starting to crack down and many phreakshave been busted.Another (dea~it's time for new telephone booksnow, Check into working to help deliver them.At the distribution site(a boxcar on a railroadstation) someone is supposed to check every-one who takes books, but no one does. A WWfull of books gets $10 here at the Junk Com-pany for paper salvage. Last year I knew
“
two dudes who goc 34 van loads in 2 1/2 dwork. That's an easy 340 dollars. Best tomake sure you got a dishonest junk man-mogtof them are though. ~T.M. ,Arlington, Va.Dear YIPL,Just got your newsletter today, far fuckingout. I hope you keep up the good work. Agood way to fuck up a pay phone {s as follows;Take the pin off the back of a YIPPIE! buctonand turn the dial all the way around, stickthe pin into the little hole (see arrow),press down hard on che pin and turn the dialClockwise, and the dial comes right of€,YIPPIE-C.T,,N. Kingstown, R.I.Dear YIPL,Here’s a supplement to that pay phone dialripoff. Heat the pin pofnt for about 3=5seconds with a lighter or. match: It will makeit simpler to push thru the hole. And insteadof removing the pin from the back of the but-ton simply bend it up and use the button asa handle. And when you get the dial off putall kinds of revolutionary slogans on thepaper number disc or make up your Own.Here's an idea for all the beginning YLIPLCheck the obituaries in the local papers fordead single people, then find their phonenumber, and call like crazy giving the deceas-ed's phone number to the operator. Make surethe stiff doesn't have a family. They haveenough to worry about without being buggedby the phone company. If a person dies afterthe phone bills come out you have a full monthbefore the company catches on. Fuck the System.C.T., N. Kingstown, RY.“Good fdeas. Also put working credit cardnumbers on the dial paper to help out peoplewho visit that booth. You might also wantto write YIPL's address down.
COURTESY OFYip, , Room SO¢(S2 wWeae2 Gt.

2600 —po TO AMP SV> SUPPLY{700 N TO OSCHLATOR GVeSUPPLY330UdIN TELEPHONE\ ) EARPIECEete. ~~
RESISTORS -10% -TO OTHER DIODES -matcHEDdBUTTONS SMALL SIGNALAMP- TAA SOO-RADIO SHACK#2768016This wmixer-amplifier uses 24 diodes toproduce 12 separate tone pairs withoutmixing them at their source. Eachdiode is silicon, low current, and thepair should be matched if possible. AThis simple mixer and amplifier can single pure tone needs no diodes, ofbe used in the electronic organ de-~ ~ course.scribed last issue. 1) Power to the A telephone earpiece is a perfect, lowspeaker will be lost at low frequen- cost speaker for this unit, and has theadded advantage of coupling tightly witha telephone mouthpiece if you. want toplay this instrument to your friends,over the phone.A 50K ohm trimmer tunes each oscillator.ALL parts in this project are 10% orbetter tolerance, but the capacitorsshould be drift-free types(mylar, epoxy,
Cies if a suitable enclosure is notused, A small metal or plastic boxis fine. The box can, of course,contain the rest of the parts. Tonescan be found for suitable notes inany sound engineering manual,2) If played into the phone for anyaanen® the speaker should be lined or mica), or else the oscillators willwith a circle of fcam to form a good decune easily.seal that is held tizntly to the Two batteries are recommended for easemouthpiece. : of construction and stability of tone.

HECAUSE OF THE BRUTAL ANO AGGRESSIVE WARthe United States government is conductingagainst Vietnam, the amount of the federal excisetax, $ , has been deducted from my pay-ment of this bill. | have opposed this war andprotested against it in many ways. Now | musttestify to my opposition by refusing to pay this tax.
ser rP evo Pm EVUD Rese”
The telephone excise tax was raised in April,1966, only in order to help pay for the war inVietnam. Paying the tax means helping to payfor outright atrocities, for the murder of inno-cent women and chidren. It means he!ping to payfor the indiscriminate bombing and napaimingof defenseless villages. It means helping to fin-ance the shipping of American boys half wayaround the world to die defending an unpopular,totalitarian and corrupt regime.| am sorry for any inconvenience my. tax refusalmay cause your office and hope you wil] under-stand that this protest is not directed against thetelephone company. | hope also that you willsoon join me and the many others who have de-cided that it is now necessary to oppose the warby refusing to pay the telephone excise tax thathelps finance it.Sincerely in peace,WAR TAX RESISTANCE339 Lafayette Street, New York, NY 10012Phone (212) 477-2970 or 777-5560OC ! would like to join War Tax Resistance.C— | am not ready to join WTR, but please place me onyour mailing list.OC) Please send me more information about the followingmethods of war tax resistance:DO) Please send me —___ additional copies of ACall To War Tax Resistance (6 for 25¢; 30 for $1).CI am already resisting war taxes (on a separate sheetplease list the taxes you have not paid, since whichyear, the consequences to date, and any other per-tinent information).1 You may use my name in publicizing WTR.O ! am interested in forming a WIR Center;send me more information.Enclosed is $ _____to support the work of WTR.Please send copies of this Call to the attached list ofpeople.NameAddressZipTelephoneThroughout the United States, young péople by thehundreds of thousands are rebelling in disgust and angeragainst the squandering of resources on war, and neglectof the day-to-day practical needs of the people. Theyare not alone in seeing only massive social disruptionand probably nuclear war as eventual consequences.They are risking their freedom, careers and often theirlives to protest and resist what they see to be wrong.We, as participants in War Tax Resistance, are resolvedto confront our own complicity in war, waste and cal-lousness. We resolve to end, to the extent we can, ourcooperation with a federal tax program geared to deathmore than life.
BACK ISSULSl-Credit card code, installing extensionsand conference lines jree.2- The Blue Box story, dialogue with Abbieand Russel Baker.3- The Telecommand.4-Special Pay phone issueS-Building an electic organ,Pt. 1,makingcredit card calls safely.Back issues are 5O0G each. Let us know whatnumber issue you want.Save this paper or give it to a friend. Betteryet, xerox the blue box article, or the organplans(l & 2) and pass them out at demonstrations.Bring YIPL info into your nearest head shop andvisibly. Make sure your local underground news-paper knows about YIPL. Copies of YIPL makeexcellent party favors and double as napkins androlling paper.Write for a subscription to YIPL,Room 504,152 W. 42 St.,NY,NY, 10036. Send us $4,00,more if you can, less if you can't.DONT FORGET YOUR RIP CorD.oO()
COVER STAMP WITH CovER TAPE WOH MAILTOYIPL.please TAPE,STICKY PART TARE, STICKY PARTUf. DOWN,THIS IS ONLY MEANTAS AN ExPose. DO NOTDO THIS,IT IS ILLEGAL, BECAUSE IT IS FREE.
dnie.