. an aa cain0) RINGa: . - Ss"Fea; ~~ ee a aNo fancy excuses: We changed our name becausewe want people to know where we really are andwhat we hope to become. Technological AmericanParty is rapidly becoming a people's warehouseof technological information, and a name like YouthInternational Party Line simply didn't ring a bell,even if you were trying to find out how to contactthe phone phreaks, except of course for the PartyLine. We've been receiving so much informationlately about gas and electric meters, locks, evenchemistry, that a name change is definitely in order.We Seriously doubt that phones will cease to be ourmain interest, but it really isn't fair to ignore therest of what science has to offer us.Because so much varied information will begin tobe covered and researched, the newsletter will tryto mainly cover lies of the most general interest,as it always has. In addition, we will start prepar-ing more reprints of the "fact sheet" type, so thatthose of you who desire certain areas of info canget it.What we need is for YOU to contribute ideas. Wewant to know what you know, and what you want toknow. Any field, and we mean anything, that wouldbe difficult or impossible to learn about is a Likelycandidate. This means that, aS usual, we will becovering information about subjects that happen tobe illegal as well as legal activities. Naturally, wedon't advocate performing illegal activities, thoughour readers sometimes do. There is a question asto whether a free society can even ban advocacy ofillegal activities, but our policy of disclaiming thestuff comes frcm a belief tnat telling people whatto do is like telling them what they can't do.All of our information comes from readers. Ifyou don't help your fellow readers, we'll have toput out blank issues. So start opening up otherfields, such as the ones mentioned above and any-thing else that you think needs researching and dis-tributing. Remember- TAP is an equal opportunitydestroyer.
rd
NEW RATES I!Back Issues are SOF each.ans - 10 Issues - US Bulkrate $5,US First Class in plain scaled envelope $7.Canada & Mexico First Class 37.Fsresyn $8.DAPORTANT| Include matling label or Xerox copywhen writing to TAP about your sutscription.Bk - Monmpily $2. 20.Ele-yinic Courses - “O¢ each A - [CX Basics,B- AC Posics, C - Prone Rsics, D- Amplifiers.JAP Teshirts 4. Sper:t; size: Small, Med., Large, X-Large.Send coly cht » or money order (Ido Tash) toTAP, Ro-m 418, 152 Nest 42 Street, New York, N.Y. 10036This is a mab dr7p cnly.+ 12: qadw c; W DA £- 9
august-september 1973HELP IS NEEDEDPlease send all available information relating tc thesubjects listed below for an upcoming article:Toll Fraud Detectors- especially Black Box detec-tors(one made by Hekiman Laboratories, 2351 ShadyGrove Rd, , Rockville, Md, 20850. )We have all Tel-tronics literature.Free Ejectricity and Gas-include pictures of themeters and feed lines in your area and methodsused.Directory of Alternative Society Projects 1973, 2o0pages packed with information, free schools, com-munes, alternative technology, etc. plus freakierschemes like fucking schools, how to make 25, 000pounds growing dope & how to abolish the moneysystem, Order through your libraryor for £1 fromBIT information & help Service, 146 Great WesternRd, , London W, 11 (tel. KP182ST, KP0442298219ST)The Underground Press Syndicate member list isavailable free(self-addressed, stamped envelope)from UPS, Box26, Village Sta. , NY, NY 10014. (212242-3888), The Best way to keep up with what YIPis doing is to sudscribe($3 or free if broke) toYIPSTER TIMES, Box 384, Staten Island, NY 10302(212-477-6243),DEFENSE FUNDAs you probably have heard, Abbie's been bustedfor allegedly selling cocaine to some agents, andthe D. A, has made it pretty clear that this isn'tjust another bust. It's to put Abbie away for life andmake a spectacle of him. He and the other defendantsintend to challenge the laws classifying cocaine withheroin and they're going to need money to do it. Weknow most people think Abbie has a lot of money, buthe's almost broke. It took 4 weeks to raise ball.TAP readers have a lot to be grateful to Abbiefor, Without him this newsletter wouldn't exist.Aside from giving away over $100, 000 from booksales to political groups, Abbie has donated timeand money to this newsletter, with no intention ofit being an ego booster or the Source of a future de-fense fund. We should return the favor and help himout. Let's let him know that TAP readers supporthim. Send whatever you and your friends can affordto Abbie Hoffman & Friends Legal Defense, c/oGerald Lefcourt(Abbie's lawyer), 640 Broadway,N.Y.,N, YY. 10012. If you can, try to let others knowabout the legal fund so they can help,too. Thanks. Ifall you can afford to send is a buck, please do it.

CONVENTIONWe bad 2 lot of fun at ths year's convention. There was significantly less >aranonthan at lasc year's Convention. At that me, two men from the District Attorney'soffice, two men from the uslephone company, and some dude who looked Like an FRIagent posing as a reporter were really g:ving the people in the Blue Box workshopthe creeps. Everybody was afraid to give out information with these guys taking pic-tures and maxing recordings at -he workshop, A hastily organized legal workshopwith Abbte belped to put things in perspective, and we announced the presence of thepoone company agents, who promptly go uptight and lef. This year there wera quitea few more people attending (several hundred) and It appears ever less agents. Blackmasks were handed out at the door for those who felt they didn't want to have picturestaken. Some people came already equipped with masks, sunglasses, and brain wigs.‘A pair of security men from a Rochester Independent company admitted that they wersonly there or. their own, but to learn what we were up to lately. The people who atten-Gadfelt litte animosity toward the few agent-types; in ‘act, a petition was circulatingurging that all agents be paid double overtime for attending ‘he convention.Eight balf-nour videotapes on many phases of phone phreaking, power heisting, andusing dugs were shown on video monitors around the room. These were alternatedwith workshops in four areas around the ballroom. One workshop (pictured) deslt with
LETTERSDear TAP,Been readingMonopaiy, & its changedmywhole outlook on the phone company,Before, I hadphreaked 90%for kicks, and 10%for saving on longdistance calls.Example of bowPaBell screwsthepublic.N¥ Tel bas been rusaing a bigTV &newspaperad campaigntelling people to send for a freebooklet on how to'Saveonyourphonebills, Even included a billing inserton where to sendto. But you could-n't get it by callingtbe & 0, they had none. Youhadto writefor it. Q -Whycould-n't NYTelhavesimplysent the bookletout with the billsinsteadof only where tosend for it? Or simply publish it in thedirectory, or even let youcall the BO. ?A.~ Because Pa Bell wants people to think that It wantsthemto save on tbaitphonebills, but it really doesn’t andknowsthat only a smallfractionofall the peoplewillcare & bother to sendfor it,~The Rochester Phone Book says in the front "In the event that abreak-in,burglary, theft, toll phraud, act of vandaligm, or any crima involving RochesterTel propertyisdiscovere@call Security 021-3353 that's A.C. 716, sotel. ‘erm what youthink.~ Now for someinfo:the Wash. D.C, sweeptone teat # mentioned(202 560-9944) has been restored to service, tollfreeof ccurse. Previousty~ Cui Magazine has anarticleon phreaking(Angust, wncluding Blue Boxfreqs,installing extra devices om your ptone line, such as extensions, automatic ——< ek: first me ev non-technical straight mag. Theyanswering equipumsent, hold buttons and the like. Cither worxshops aaa “ . oe elec security officer "Phone freakswendanger to NationalGealt with Con Ed, Boxesofall colors, CreditCard Calls,and , ‘ > X Security * - The NY Tel Network Service BureauTraffic"reforming”TM the phoné company. _# > , we . °re a . xP Reportis 212 304-0111. ~A pay phonerang, IpickeditA oumberof display dDoxes were scattered over the areaOne demonstratedthe busy tones and dialtonesand bow P oye up~ & found I waathe partyof thethird partto a call/ that wasgoing through; infact I answered before thecalled party did,Although they said nothing worth .7 |as listening to, it Shows bow muchprivacy youhaveeemight hear shouldyoubeso fortunate tocall aroundthe world to different phone numbers, Lika Dial-a-Disc in France, weathertnTokyo, or Sex on Sunset ,Strip. There was a display that demonstrated the2000 cycle whistle and allowed you to practice itintoatelepbone handset, and probably the mostpopularwas a Red Sox, in which you couldbearwhat each of the main circuits did and how the ~actual Coin Denominadon Tones are producad. ;Somepeople were evenmaking cassette record- , Sy PYings from the Red Box display unitl a meg PThe presswas therein force, Alming and ainterviewing anyone they could gat to talk. The esatmosphere seemed very light and people did °seem to be enjoying the afternoon. Back issueswere deing sold rapidly, and most people pas-sed up the organic carch cake and browniesin orderto watch the videotapesorattand theworxsbops.Al Bell gave a short Speech on howthe phonecompany plans wo raise tbe public phone rata to2O¢ and blame the increased cost on phoneporeaks. A walking pay phone was making therounds, soliciting 20¢ contributions here andthere. Some attendees were circulating creditcardlists andback Issues of Teleghony.Thedisplay boxes were built especiallyfor theconvention and we new that people = CORPECTIONwould want to know how they were constructed. The 2800 cy7le whistle detectorig actually a toll-fraud detector since it activates upon hearing 2800. We had some CBANGE THISschematics at the convention but seeing as they were free, they were ali gone bynoon. ff you would Like schematics for the 2800 cycle detactor, the dispiayed redbox, and the dual-tone cscillator{which 1s not, by the way, rm blue box), we havemore of theminand we're asting 1°-¢ each(free }/ you can't afford id. They usetransistors and IC's in each of them and each circuit can be dullt for about $15. CIf you receivedacircuit, be sure and note the correction on the Red Box sheet.For the price of a SE] F-ADUPESSED STAMPED ENVELOPE you can aise get a
May/* of the phone. - It would be useful if you could pub-lish wh§t type of equipmentsuchagpanel, cross-bar, or ESSis usedin thevarious N, Y, exchanges.In NYexch. the569/942#1 croesbar, herearesomeinterestingcodez: -221 is an aliasof 575-thatim, 221-XXXXwill get you 575-XXXY. -660is atouch-tone test. Whenyou heardial tonedia! 1 thru0, correct "beep-beep"will follow. Press6or 7,awitchhoosonce, & hang up, & willring back. -840identificationhasbeenchanged to 065 and880 whichhadn't worked before. -070gets you a silentlinemars without payinga message unit. -890 gets you thea ‘ same thing that happens when you-leave the phonea , . offthe hook too long. -075-XXXXsoundslire aOL! ‘ | . , | tollcallgoingthrough, including polarity reversal,7 oe but I get "unableto complete call as dialed", -Asyoumay know, they‘re going to startusing areacodesas Los Angeleacentral officecodes, whichwill meanchangesin switching equipment alloverthecountry. Happy 25th Anniversaryof No, 5Crossbar (July 11,1948, Media, Pa.)-H. GordonLiddy, N,Y, -The New York News Service-« bi-weekly paciat ofNew York's best underground journalismand car-Send for 25¢ sample.NYNS, 204 W, 10, NYCDear TAP, . 10014Mail order fireworksare abailable fronr Universal Fireworksand Novelty, Box 123, Muncy, Pa. 17756,Calalog 506, andfrom Weatech, Box 593, Logan, Utah. 84321, catalog 50¢. Theymailby UPS or freightcollect. A friend bought a case of firecrackers from Universalandhadno trouble. The shippingstate~ment, that you sign, will say “ICC classCcommonfireworks, explosive" butdon't worry. Onthenewsthey said "crackers andbottle rockets are soon toce illegal, s0 stock up,"-J,S,, OREGON-ATTEN T 10 Neeyou were at the Conventionand found Linda's pocketbook. pleave letusknow!Dear Phreaks:Want to thank you for the greatest convention ever! Have some questions which might be of broad ree-
theyare generated and timedto &and 120 interruptions . - wh),per minute. Another played interesting things you ia” ¥ Na
>
a)
°
f
CJ
° @e@
.AA5
i nch! TO THIS.copy oftheConvention se van nn oath neme We wavetle conofedalist. der interest. a)&othat an extension phone willremain undetected, it is advised that the bellbe turned' ens Doe i case tance topics Stree Lf you send the antelope as off. How La this done anyway? b} If my current phone is replaced with a 'touch-tone", ia it possible chaiof typi ructory Assis which E toepig company willbe able to detectthe change? c) Missedthetalk about Con Ed.What is the best wayabove. to fuck the fuckingElectrical Co? Thanksagainfor the PublicService! iI Yours“PROFESSOR FIREFLY, NY-~ a)Turnbell off by openingphone andremoving the red wireof‘he bell fromtne screw it's alreacy on.b) Unless your line is hooked up for touch-tone(many already are), you won't be able to make calls, ‘wtyou can receive (bem. Tbe phone company won't be able to detect unless they hear you touch -toning.c) We'll compile info about electrical companies in the next two months. See next page.
‘if you attended the conventicn, give feedback, What didn't you like? What do youwish there was Sul wasn't? What, if a_ything, did you like? Got any ideas cn thenext convention? Let us know!We're working hard ‘o jet more Phone Phreak Convention T-shirts and others.We'll let you know next issue. Meanwhile, help recruit friends and Telco employeesag researchers and contributcrs to TAP, If you want to do research, tell us!

TowaRns annOF pHOWE’ \ \AUTOMATIC PHONE TAPThis tap is a device which records directly from a NEtelephone line all conversations on that line. It con- _ etsists of 3 parts:1. An ordinary dial phone equipped with a "monitor"switch. (Or a mute box, black box, or issue #11)2. A tape recorder.3, A line relay.A monitor switch can be installed quite easily. All (9you need is a screwdriver, a Single-pole, single-throw toggle switch and some electrical tape. Removethe cover from the phore, disconnect the green wire }from the "RR" terminal and wrap one switch wireand the green wire together with a piece of tape.. Theother switch wire is wrapped around the "RR" screw aoa RENSTOR ——f Ns,and tightened, One position of the switch will give you vr aeen ELAY WwihEsS TO NORMALLY “CLOSEDa dial tone. This is the "Normal" position, The other mae £108 C8 RELAY FOR TURMING-position of the switch will let you hear yourpnoneline without getting a dial tone. This is the Same asthe "Free" position in Issue #11, Next you need a line relay that will be used to turn on a tape recorder when thephone is being used. Parts: A 1/2 watt, 10,000 ohm resistor (10¢) and a sensitive, low voltage relay, LafayetteRadio #99P80815@ $2.57 4+ .43 postage (Lafayette, 111 Jericho Tpke, Syosset, NY 11791.) When the relay is con~nected to the phone line(red and green wires) that is not in use (on hook) the relay will be activated thereby open-ing the circuit to the recorder, turning It off. When & phone is picked up, the voltage on the line drops, causingthe relay to de-activate, thereby closing the IC, circuit and turning on the recorder. Things to look for whenchoosing a recorder are: Cost, Size(small as possible for hiding the tap}, Automatic Level Control, Automaticend-of-tape shutoff, and @ remote on-off switch (usually in mike), The G, E, M8430 cassette recorder meets allthe above for $20, 00 at most discount stores, Get a 120 minute tape, anda telephone pickup coll that goes on thehandset. To Tapa Line: 1. Hook up a telephone with a monitor switch (on "Free")- to the desired line. 2. Hookthe line relay up to the same two wires, 3. Switch the phone to "monitor" ("Free"), 4, Remove tna handset.5. Slip the pick-up coll onto the handset (the receiver) and plug it into the mike jack on the recorder. 6. Hook the_ recorder's remote on-off switch to the N.C. contacts of the line relay. With the GE M8430, a convenient sub-mini jack can be used. 7. Switch Tape recorder to Record. Now when @ phone is picked up, the relay will turnon the tape recorder, which will record everything to be heard on the monitor phone, Don't get caught!_ . . BEGINNERS ONLY!Jury indicts president of phone firm _ ¥2:cx nov tearm about Electronics easly anquickly with our new Correspondence Course, The
TAPE RECORDER ONTOFF.
SEATTLE holiesDavid balling : used by inde- Che reverne than wes owed first one is on Basic Electrical Concepts and includesWhidbey Telephone Co., has forcalls placed throug ie The rome adso com a few TAP-type projects and easy-tofread explana~een indicted by the federst GyreMenten, he inde, | (SEOs Henny ot xp = tions of electricity. By reading this and others com-wand jury on charges @ = pendent firm pays the Ja Witdeytelephonecackenge ing out each month you'll learn how to build any ofme pane! returned an it oe iMer then thres which permitted hls om- the projects that have been printed by us in the past,Sctment Twesday charging minutes butgels a larKet Ployes pares totLfrea long You'll learn how to read Schematics, buy parts andSener, 43,with ¢ets counts arepany reer @istance | materials cheap, safety, etc, You can no longer say4 atercepting phone calls Thelndictmest claims thet that what we publish is above your head because anyromacustomers. davis ia order umber beginner can learn from these courses. Women aretng schemes (o detreud Ger by fraud’ a higher share of especially urgedto take the course as they usuallyeral Telephone Co, Pacific have a fear of electronic concepts and this courseent firm. American Tee . will be understood by all. Let's hear from you! It'sphone and que ph Co., like a back issue and is 50¢, and free if you can'tConviction on ail charges afford it(let us know).~oud resut in a rear Tsestencene ee AP, ROOM 418, 152 W.42 ST., N.Y. N.Y, 10036ahreport on the case wasarr ina od art}Poat-Lateiligencer.