No. 32JANUARY 1976
pack [ssires-Listed by feature articlesCeach, 40¢ each if complete set is ordered.1-Extensions, Cerinrence Switches2-Blue Box Stern: and Atbse on Ripofis3-Telecommand Story4-Pay Poone IssueBle Ber I aie Mate7- Tuning your oruan, 3-slot ripofts8-Credit Card Calls/1872 CodeYLD lack box)112 Blue Box Plans13 Int'l calls & Codes, Bluebox plans14 More codes, A1&T Papers, Ca. Test numbers15 1973 Credit Card Code, T network15 Red Box plans17 Red Rox, Line Relay, Don't Get Busted18 Oulgotng long distance cal) stopper19 Snoop light, Taping Fortress tones20 Cheese Box(Conference line, or loop-aroun)21 Automatic Phone Tap, Convention Report22 Ansveron, “How we catch Red Boxers”23 Free joi riestyC4 Fraud Detecy.s:, Index of TAP issues, 1974 CC Codeoh New Red Box, Free Gas2" New Bluebox, Con Ed key (also 23, 29)“FP Free Electricity, Blne Box Correction2+ Readint Computer WIS loop suffixes"OU repr oe. Blhuet os & Ceo srigte, "nb so hee30 Fortress Pay Phones, Party Lines31 Black Box IssueComputers-Timesharing- Access codes.FACT SHEETS -25¢ eachI, Credit Card Calling HintsZz. Receiving Long Distance Calls Free(Same as Issue 1) for General Telephone Co.Customers instead of Bell Telephone Co.)Displayed Red Box260 WhistlePerfectit—S> 506 per set.Dual tone oeni}-}: =Anti-Be U Buttun-h¢ 10/33Steal This Book~$2. 25Mnorwpoly - $1.29Courses-*0¢ each: A- Basic Electricity, B-AlternatingCurrent, C-Basic Phone Cperatinon, {-Amplifiers.Send Check or Mery order only to TAPAddress: Room 514, 182 W. 42 St, New York 10036(This is a Mil Drop only)Cfifice: 1791 Brvadway, Rm. G15, Wed. 4-7 pm.uF HI)
Rere ts our revised Destructory Assistance list. Seeprevious tssues for trading conditions.8 Laws.Black, Blue,&Red Boxes ctronicsBell Reprints ChemistryBugs and Scramblers PopucsInteresting phone #s Ragio & TYTest numbers t CardsInstallation & attachmentsPryphonesDomestic & Foreign CodesLocks and SecurityVending Mac uineg~r n volPersona)SurvivalUtilities (Electric & Gas)MiscellaneousWe need info ontAa B- locks, techniques for getting yourmoney's worth,Locks- code books, picking methods, cafe manipulation,sources of supply.Fadio- pirate stations, jemmers, etc.Cable TV- tapping into the line.Ublivies-- info on N.Y. Public Services’ round ceramicelectric meter seals.Burglar alarms- Holmes & other central station sy&tems.Printing- methods, magnetic ink uscd in printing checks, etc,
Alsat1976 CREDIT CARD CODEIn Issue 25 TAP reported that a new CREDIT CARD PLANwas being introduced by the Phone Company in urder to cutthe cost of catching and prosecuting people who are makingcalls with phony credit cards. Cf course, these people aremaking calls that they ordinarily would not be able to afford,but toll fraud programs allow the Phone Company to blamethe Soaring cost of phone service on phone phreaks. At theexpense of everyone, the Phone Company announced a newcomputerized scheme to assign credit card numbers thatbear no reserrtance to the related phone number. This issupposed to eliminate the Simple ripoff of looking up a com-pany's phone number and adding the code for the city andthe secret code letter,When we published this information, we were actuallyconvinced that the plan was on its way in, So ccnvinced, infact, that we published the 1975 Credit Card Code in March1975 and thought that it was almost useless since the planwas Scheduled to take effect in 1975, Well folks, it turnsout that the plan has not been implemented and the NEW1976 CREDIT CARD CCDE works the same way 15S usual,with the phone number coming first, followed by the RAOcode (3 list of RAO codes is in IsSue 31) and then the letterthat corresponds to the 6th digit of the phone number, ac-cording to the following list1=G 2=U 3=A 4=Q 5=R 6-X 7=Z 8=L 9=N OKEWhile we're on the subject of correcting past information,Issue 27 worried many readers with a news clipping aboutTelident, a device that instantly traces an incoming cull tothe phone that placed the call, displaying the pnone numberona L. E, D, readout. The news clipping was from ScienceDigest, among other sources, We attempted to contact themanufacturer but.were unSuccesSful. Several readers letus know that they tried also and got nowhere, We have nowdiscovered the reason. The LA Times, May 23, 1975 report-ed that an ex- FBI agent and 4 others were indicted inaScheme to sel] Stock in phony corporations, with phonyproducts. Telident was one of these phony products, whichwas demonstrated in a rigged manner at the Waldorf butnever really existed, nor can such device exist given thepresent phone system in the U.S, The device was intendedto interest hotels, airports, and law encroachment organ-izations. This was Supposed to interest investors who wouldbuy worthless stock.So you can't always believe what you read, even in TAP}©Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc. 1976- Do not make checksout to Youth Hot Line Reports please. Movement groupsmay reprint without permission with TAP's address givenwith allcreditsS, and please send uS a copy of reprintedwork. Warning: We will prosecute violators.

ODDS & ENDSbytom edisonThere are a number of o4ds i enas thet reea +4 becleared ap Defore we can esntirue co clast «ic Sigvocher Bastar Sell cn wis 3Zicentern.ai Birth sayof Americas. Cre 2: Ure :nings that aways bugjed meaba.t TAP Was me incorrect polarities srown on ablche batteries for Red anu Blue Boxes. Al Bell saysthat this is small Shit but [ feel tha: nat everyone isar. electronics exper: so for the record le: me statethat the Short line is always necative and che longline is always posicve. (SEE =1G,1)For those who don't have access toa voitmeter todetermine which line is the + Ring and waich .s the- Tip an easy method ts to place a rectifier disdedirectally across the Line. The diode should be atleast 100 voits © 100 Ma and you mast know whichend of the diode‘s thecathodeandwhichend 4s theanode. A diode will condact waen toe anode -s morepositive than the cathode. In Fig. Z the dicce nasbeen placed across che line in sucha way ‘hat thediode is forwardbiased( cathode to - Tip amianodeto + Ring). If you now pick up the fone receiver yousoould bear dial Lone but you gsbcyldnotbe able tobrees (oe dial tone ever when yo cial. Te reasonfor .nis is that the diode is effectively a fixed shortacross tls line. Regardless of wha: you do at thereceiver the ssort will SUL leave dial tone cn theline. If you connect the dlode as shown in Fig, 3 itwill be reversed biased and nc current wili flowtaru it. Toe fone will be normalanc you will be ablato dial out. You may be wondering just what the he?lyou have to know which line is Tip & Ring. The resacybs that Pa Bell bas startedto change the responseHime of the relays which uxicate when a called fonsnas answered. This means that che ring stopperDutton On your Blacx Bax must now be hit for a may-imum of only a few milliseconds, something that'simpossible to do mechanically but ver; easy to +:electronically! Last issue TAP shcwed an electeanicdell stopper using two 52 volt Zerer diodes. Fig. 4shows a bell stopper using coly Zererand recularrectifier dicces. In the normal position the Zenerdioce and the 30x RC petworxare bothout of theCircuit. To Box a call just throw the Sw:tch tg nefree position as soor as the fone starts to ring. The58 volt Zener diode wil fire on the ring voltage sadmomentarily short the Tip & Blag lines fora fexmilliseco:Kis. At the same tire the Box RC networkwill be switched into the circuit. Since the Zerer diatemust be in the circuit with the correct voltage pole rityon it, the identification of Tip & Ring is very importantThis circuit has been tried and tested ‘n Several N Jcittes and tn some towns the response Umes of thearciaic Bell equipment was s> bad that the superquick response of our new bell stopper vas 00: acfrk-Ing ag it Should. Further researck xas Jone anc ji:was aetermined thas a rectifier diode placed Seriesaiding with the Zener dicde ( Zener anode to rer:iferanode ) would enable the circuit to *uncdion properly,While this means that you needa rectiter diode ::should be noted :hat a rectifier disa@ costs abour1/19 ine cost ofa 56 volt Zener diode.We've had some inquires about the TAP FT sntrt,Al Bell teld me, " Tom, if you warm em- jo get em.”The choices are shown in the Cct. 1973 # 22 issue.Lf enough of you want them please write and ler meKnow.I won't be able to interest a manulacmrarunless a sufflcier.t number are ordered.We've also received Some inquires adcul a newfone conventon. My cxr. persona. leeling 18 thar wnereshould be a Sicentenmias Box Blast. Any 2emils «illbe in fucure issues -f TAP,
. - - . +~-f «as » 4 __ « moeos oe . * “am ‘eae:-tle Dt, Gr te, Ale: wean wo Lite ‘Hest—— (oD ow aCe. Dleace de i: arWe Peteved a oacutresti nircr a retier 2Am necct, Mass. .1, ant ty ssea TAP sier_lir,US 109 vate for TS cut eM 2s6@ vhat ce can dpucr 7Zhe pasuc dial Mates co. Firtress Fines rave ceermisified. Stickiny asi. wire Ce niie, pressing dour,arc turnin. “he dial plare sock 1.54 [3 remove itassacan.a TAP * 2 now vires ily iniome icnes. a #4-4) Set screw is now usea on che Scrcress. Toremove Us new plate use ans. .Jil rex key andture. the set Screw all the vay in 3+ that che woctecial plate locks in he maoSt ciccsé wise position. NowSimply route tbe plate clock vise a litde mire anglt will corre off.And fraly, let me criedy petition our readers tcShare your <nowlecge with us. In my article on the" Correctea Sroop Licht in issue no. 39 [askesreaders to send us their “one 2ff-hook currert values.So @r we have receivec ooly one reply, 2 post cardfyom Los Angeles - GET CSF ¥OVRASSES! SetaStarcp, an envelope, ard 35rme paper and let us hearfrom you. Help to put the Post Cffice out of cusinessby Sooding .t with mail to TAPI
TIP nepene - © Newel—— CATRCCE* ¢ ANODE PRCKE* oORINGFIG, 1 FIG. 2
TIP penanceag- PHCNS+ @RINGFIG. 3RING« &
I¢
I “
= St. |pence fo ot [7a» SwWwoect 1 ty a TM

ASK Mr. PHELPSa 4 * . - ~we ATS . - a An. . 22 (LEM. Lue,” »boe Soke ow cee eee 8 rd ms at ae me PZwe oS ee tw tae ee v ve b TD - a eld eS od a Snmwrew - ize“arc Us tevel tnosnt - ens cot macy masterminsin:.“ mee owe sic : . are | Barner i :Mew on =~} we nr SST RSS » dha ~e 21/en r . S32 rie. » . . Aof - . ie, ”SPAR OPTS. as Liheé bis ablandlies. Bb, "e a make@. I very muca want to cump my electic meter bu: it is aut-Sidé ..3€1@ anyone wan see me if7 fsol arsund with i Whatwan [ 2? Qreercs ResidentA. Cauticn is alwa;s advisaple ber extreme pararncia is not.Wasn't Suéers ~vhere Kitry Genovese was murcered whilethirty oc her neighbors watcbeu and did nctuing? if yourmeter is visitle crly to your neighbor, why not (suctly, ofcourse) check nim out? Maybe ne wels the sare apcut ConMoropoly) as you do. Maybe he'd even ilke you to adjustbis wreler also (ior 4 modest fee, of course}, Y your neigh-bor is Charles Luce: 1- You're living ina pretty vealthyneisnborbocd and can camn wel arford tc pay your Con Monbill. 2-Wait antil be a2es on vacatica.If your meter is visible trom toe Street, Und some vayof biccxing a passerby's view cf i:. Perhaps scme tempo-rary or permanent shrupoery? Try w.2ving Birntm 00dto Dunsinane. Ycu've heard of ivy-covered coltases? Crplant some fas: growing tall annuals, but not sc the meterreader can't find it,With ar outside meler, you have & tremendous advantageover the victim or an inside meter. “Anvone" could bavetampered with an cutside metar; Con Mon can't yreve youdid it. But don't reduce your ugace to near zero ~ that'ssuspic. us.Anouner possioillty: If ;ou’re adding an addition to yourmouse, you Could hide the original meter (see above) ardmount your own persoral meter for Con Mon to read, Youmay be interested to know tnat, tf you are caught or killedinacwion, the Power Companies are primarily interestedin restitution, and are not too enthusiastic about having dis-gruntied customers educate entire prison populations.i espect you Lo use some of the money you save to supportthe r:vclution. Not necessarily TAP - there are plenty ofsumer (cod causes,Jugt dDacause you'll be getting the juice for less moneyig ro peason lo waste it, Remember that Con Mon burnscoq: or oll which causes pollution, and uses its nucleargece rator which could BLCW UPanddoesproduce largeamc ints of radioactive waste which must be stored indef-iniwiy. Because it is a government Sanctioned monopolyaca :2e@Sn't have any free market coOmpetitioa, Con Mondo: 't Seem to care about hydroelectric, wind, sclar,U2, Samming, geothermal, ard other efficient sources ofpower, nore of which cause polution or waste valuable re-Sous 7€5. cnstead they shrug and keep raising their rates,‘ cealize Unac many of you home owners are victims ofirr-tponsiole, greedy developers who “clear cut" all theUe.--c, and duilt houses without ary concern for "“enerayA@riuuency'. This turned the houses into ovens in the sum-~(ner, G@CRSsitating air conditicning, and refrigerators inthe Winter, requiring even more energy to heat. So atreast Guy an epdzient 4C, insulate, and cher« your beatingwt SITYCUR MISSICN...Si nud you decide to accept, is to reaa nTuuringmsi"trikogy Dy Shea and WiUscr. Here's an abridge: evcerpt“Ue Harvey Cswald sights carefully through ‘he CarcanoMarnivsner...and his mouth 4aUs open in astonisnment asthree ...0tS ring out obviously from the directicn 7 theGraz, . Knoll and Triple Underpass.“Sorecteaeolich, "he sala, csorlly as a prayer. And hebecant. in, a rictus not cf omnipotence Such as he *adexpecu 2.0 oF SCmeting aimerent and unexpected am:thereto:: cetterormnisc:ence. Thal smirk appeares inal)ine pi «3 Guring the nex: day anc a dalf, before nis own261th, sneering smile waa: Said so clearly that Acne daresRo regu [know Somathand you don't know.Weve tu ak.ays sonseréu ubcut thar emibe? Well, nw“lhbetawW., Yocarmjceiin .§ to Jelermine which par’s arect, .tuch are cheirv, ana wich are fantasy.
Saciecz Alternate siethod 3; Cpening The Fortress PucreCoin ErxRUS Method invelves the drcling :a four yoS.Uchns to re-move (he :lur Screa3 that holu che ‘cock in plece. Cne “rstdrills at the 3ppr-cpriate points. Siar: with abcutan L/erSril bitand then cce 2 L/d" Bit to enlarge the acle. [f «heSirew'S are aarcerec and urill resistant, punce them cut.Azer the screws are removed sre Sumply pushes the oakin and t> tne rear so that it cisenyaces ihe cover plate,Aster that is accomplished one simply turns the bolavork aftne cover plate with a key or Similar -ojec: looxs Like thus.
1 3/16%04fl
XX
(!
BT/E 2 ————wtee— 2/1 J
C77~—-— IH _liw_
Ly._~ WYHThanks for the chart, This IS a much simpler method butcan be usedonly when you have sufficient clearance at theright side of the Fortress.-——— eee
Mr. Phelpskdefj G)TILEPHONTA*,

MEMORIZE AND BURNThe Red Boxes of the future won't be as simple as before.We reported in the last issue that the new Red Box tonesare 2200 and 1700 Hz. The old 2200 Hz Red Roxes must bemodified by adding the extra 1700 Hz. oscillator. We havepictured, for informational purposes only, a 1700 Hz. osc-fllator. It is a simple matter to add this to the Red Boxesin Issue 16 or Issve 25, To add this to the Issue 18 RedBox, one would connect point A to V+ line after the on-offswitch, just as the existing cocillator is now connected inthat Box. Next, the output of the oscUlator must have 8s100K resistor added in series with the .O1 mfd. carocitorthat is there now. Just break the line before or after the.O1 and insert tbe 100K resistor. Now the output of thenew 1700 Hz. oscillator must be connected. The output (B)comes out ofa ,O1 mfd. cap anda 100K resistor, just likethe other oscillator, so tie the two oscillators togetherjust after the 100Ks and the .O1s as in the diagram. Now botroscillators will be tied into the 47K amplifier input at thetop of the diagram..To add the new oscillator to Issue 25, connect pointAto pin 3 on the 550 Flip- Flop. Cut the output of the oscil-lator by disconnecting one wire of the .01 mfd. capacitorand inserting a 100K resistor in line with the capacitur,Now connect the new oscillator's point B to the + input ofthe 741 amplifier.In either case, the new oscillator has it's ground con-nected to the ground of the existing box, and the voltagesupply input (Point Al is also connected the same way asthe oscillator that already exists. The oulputs of the twooscillators each go through their own 100K resistors tomix the sounds evenly ami through their mun .O1 mfd, capsto prevent DC on each osvUlator fro rs: affecting the amplifier.Then they connect tuyether, and are amplifie:l c jusly by thespeaker. ‘Ihe DOK trimmer pot adjusts the frequency of the1700 Hz oscillator. By disconnecting the 2200 Hz oscillatortemporarily, the 1700 Hz. oscillator can be tuned with afrequency counter or by comparing the sound to an accurateSignal generator.The new phones @re Starting to pop up all over. If one hada switch (shown as CPTICNAL in the diagram), the Red Boxwould be valid at both converted and unconverted phones.IMPCRTANT:Include mailing label or xerox copy when writing to TAPabout your subscription,
Switch(CPTIONAL)15K, .01 19K002 =F AF—W t+ 5AUK Add this 100K, 09?aaa »O1I 47KTo 15K of |50K existing008 TJ oscillatorYou can tell if a phone booth is converted or not by listen-ing as you deposit money. The new tones spund "harsher"than the pure 2200 we're used to. The tones will leak intothe carpiece at a low volume So it's hard to tell at first,but comes easily with practice (don't we all). However, itis likely that the operators don't know during this interimperiod which phones are modified and which aren't, And theusual quota of broken phones keeps operators willing toaccept just about anything short of whistling (and sometimesthat works!), so old Red Boxes will probably be good forawhile longer without needing the modification.At this point it might be worthwhile to mention that thereare a number of alternatives to the telephone carpiece fora Red Box speaker, The experienced phreak looks foraspeaker with an impedance of 100 ohms or more, negligiblesize, weight and price, and of course tow distortion with agood volume. These qualities are not easy to come across.However, 2000 ohm ir-the-ear earpieces have been used withgood results. If you were to atwempt to put the new dual tonethrough one of these, it would probably distort badly. Thismay be alright with such short pulses but at this time we’renot Sure how much distortion can be tolerated with humanoperators. The future will have machines receiving thetones and checking their quality, so many phreaks use high-quality dynamic earpieces from Stereo headphones. Theyfind that the added expense is well worth the qood results,Published for informational purposes only by Youth Hot Line Reports, Inc.The buggingof bedroomsBy L. M. BOYDHow wrold vou feel if youjust fownd out your LecnapeChildrem had wired vourbedroom wilh an actomatickslening device?Sav vou ditcovered & had-been thete fer thelact $0 days?And wt had transmitted everywhitper therein yownd theshock from your room tatheirs” This ix reporled io bethe sori of revelation that isaslounding a number ofparenys nowA iyrat basbeen welhing packbogs by mai! for lexx than $15rach ihroush magazine ads,mvesiwalors sav Researchsevcals thal a whole lot of thebuvers ure voungsiers hung upon the nolion of eavesdroppingon the nid fnikeFrom The News TribuneJanuary 6, 1976
Address all mail and checks to -TA P, ROOM 504,152 W.42 ST., N.Y,N.Y. 10036
BULK RATEU. S. POSTAGEPAIDPorrall Mo 209Grew Nach, N.Y.