Dear YIPL: 
The New York Telephone Company originally publicized 
these numbers when it introduced International Direct Dis- 
tance Dialing (DDD), but for some reason the numbers 
were not mentioned in the new brochures. Perhaps they felt 
that these recordings would encourage people to use their 
boxes for calls to other countries. In any case, here is the 
complete list of recordings: 
FORIEGN TELEPHONE SIGNALS 
(212) 363-8888 Norway and Sweden 
(212) 363-8889 Italy and Luxembourg 
(212) 363-8849 Switzerland and Denmark 
(212) 797-8029 Greece and Spain 
(212) 797-8079 Australia and Japan 
(212) 797-8729 British Isles and France 
(212) 797-8798 Belgium and Germany 
The local A&P has two pay phones but they ripped out the 
number plate since the A&P chain doesn't want the public 
to know the number of the pay phones in their stores. I 
tried dialing 958 but it didn't work (although it works in 
other pay phones). Any ideas why 958 didn't work? Can 
A&P request the telephone company to disconnect the 
Automatic Number Identification from its phones? 
-IR.,N.Y.- 
Could be that the exchange of the particular pay phone has 
another ANI number. Try ringback, the bell may have been 
deactivated anyway. Complain to the manager that someone 
might have to reach you while shopping, and you might go to 
a store that doesn't make already lousy service even worse. 
But it isn't likely Bell disconnected ANI just from those pay 
phones, 
Also, try reason with the manager, since complaining to 
the phone company won't do any good. The manager will, 
however, have a lot of pull with them. Ask the manager 
how one makes a 10 minute call with one dime. What happens 
when the dime runs out? Call collect, and pay more? What 
do they have against calling from home phones back to pay 
phones? Don't people pay for home service? 
Dear YIPL, 
Issue #18 gave a Nevada Bell communicator number (702- 
789-6711) which is NOT a free number, unlike the Pacific 
Telephone numbers and most of the others. Please notify 
your readers, The AT&T newsline number(212-732-8030) 
which is free now will have a new number(will write as 
soon as I know). Plans are for calls to the new number to 
be free only from nearby N.Y. and N, J.; if the toll charges 
from N. J. are 50¢ or less, or the charges from N.Y. are 
$1.06 or less, the call will be free. Otherwise it will be 
billed in. the usual manner, 
-GS, NY- 
P,S, - Since some people are afraid that the FBI or others 
will find out that they subscribe to YIPL, would it be poss- 
ible to offer to mail them out in an envelope, first class, 
for an extra $1 or $2 a year? 
Yes- for the extra hassle, though, we'll need $1.50, if 
you're already paying for a subscription, and as always, 
free if you're receiving a free subscription. 
no. 20 
YOUTH INTERNATIONAL PARTY LINE 
JULY 1973 YIPL 
BE SURE AND BRING AN ISSUE OF YIPL ADDRESSED TO 
YOU FOR FREE CONVENTION ADMISSION, 
A recent rumor flying around Washington was that there 
was a number, 560-9944, that made a rising siren tone 
with a click if your phone was tapped, and no click meant 
no tap, NBC anchorman John Chancellor called the num- 
ber and heard a click, so he called the phone company. 
They told him they disconnected it because people were 
making too many calls to it, falsely thinking that it told of 
Phone taps. An army intelligence source told the N. Y, 
Post that there was a similar number in N, Y. » but he 
didn't know it. If he had read YIPL #14, however, he would 
have, 324-0707. This number, to our knowledge, was not 
a bug detector, It is a test number that swept through the 
frequencies of the long-distance circuits. When it reaches 
2600, there is a momentary click because testmen using 
it long-distance don't want to be causing extra switching 
when checking a line. Also, filters in all long-distance 
trunks would cause the loss of the tone at 2600 anyway. 
The Telecommand(YIPL #3) detects a tone sent down a line 
and silently answers the phone. If you suspect a Telecom- 
mand on your phone, and were to feed a rising siren tone 
into your phone, you would hear a click when the frequency 
of the Telecommand was reached, and the click would mean 
that the Telecommand had just turned on. Since the chance 
of a Telecommand being on your phone is small compared 
to the many more common taps, using the phone company's 
Sweep tone could prove to very misleading, at the very least. 
Since the rumors began, both the Washington and N, Y. num- 
bers have become busy signals. So it appears that a common 
test number useful for one limited type of bug detection and 
no others has bitten the dust. 
BACK ISSUES-60¢ 
2+ Extensions, conference switches 
2° Rlue Box Story and Abbie on ripotts 
3° Telecommand Stary 
4¢ Pay Phove Inaue 
55 Blue Bor Now obsatota 
© Blue Box 2 
1 Thnlog 
your onmaa 
Wt card calle and 1972 code 
per duper projectiSee issue 11) 
Recelve long distance calls Free 
flue Box Plans 
1S-International Calls 
International Calls & AT&T Papers 
1573 Credit Code, T Network 
16-Red Box Plans 
17-Red Box, Line Relay 
18- Call Stopper 
19- The Snoop Light 
Fact sipets-25¢ 
How not w ge caught making credit calls 
Recelving ong date cals Preiss 11) 
ANnIeBELL BUTTON. S07 10/83,00 
DESIRUCTORY ASSISTANCE 
Free-Dust 
Stamped, sell-eddressed engor, 
‘Renew if your address has ‘ 
YIPL, Room s04, 
152 Wr 48 Oe 
Nag rene ly, 
Head Crash-Send us computor passwords and operator- 
only codes in return for more of same, 
Send a stamped, self-addressed envelope, please. 
YIPL is free if you 
can't afford it. If 
you must renew and 
can't afford, write us 
or we have to cancel 
your subscription.
THE CiGESE Box 
The Cheese Box is simply a conference line, or loop-around. 
They are very popular with bookies who’ place bets by phone, 
because their clients call one number, and the bookie calls 
another, and police won't find the bookie at the location of 
either of the two numbers. This is precisely why loops have 
been a favorite of phone phreaks, too, 
Bell's loops are limited because they often disconnect after 
a certain time, one of the two numbers must be called first, 
and they are often monitored and sometimes even charged. 
The Cheese Box can be extended to many lines, thereby cre- 
ating conferences, and will let either line be called first and 
hang on indefinitely. Last but certainly not least, the Cheese 
Box is free. 
Phone voltage is normally 45 volts, When the phone rings, 
a 90 volt AC signal is applied to the line. The zener diode 
conducts if the voltage rises to 56 volts, thus it conducts as 
the phone begins to ring, in fact, before the phone rings. As 
soon as it conducts, the phone equipment thinks you picked 
up (because current is drawn by the zener) and the voltage 
drops below the zener voltage, and it stops conducting. All 
this happens so quickly that essentially the zener conducts 
for only a few milliseconds, and the billing equipment does 
not start, If you call from a local pay phone, you will get 
your dime back. And you can hold on until someone calls 
in on the other line or lines,. When they do, their line will 
be answered in the same way and you can then talk to each 
other. The capacitors prevent the DC voltages on the lines 
from interfering with each other. Either side of the line can 
affect the line status if allowed to touch another line. 
Install the zener diode tothe red and green wires of your 
phone line. If you install it backwards, there will be no dial 
tone on your phone, if so, reverse the wires from the zener. 
A zener diode will conduct electricity when the anode is 
more positive than the cathode, or when the cathode is more 
than a certain number of volts more positive than the anode, 
in this case 56 volts, 
Since the phone company has 2 special hatred for phone 
attachments that cause free calls, many bookies use the 
hee; 
ox for only a few minutes, since calls over 3 
minutes can be detected if the phone company decides to do 
something about it. 
CATHODE 
Zener Diode 
ANODE 
2-Line Cheese Box 
R 
rR 
Phone 
Phone Horer D 
Line A 
Line B 
< 
108 W43sx 
G 
. 5 Mfd. 100 Volt Capacitors 
NYC. 
4-Line Conferencer 
®@ 
Se 
ne 
cain) 
Here are some good references on switching systems: 
Bell laboratories record Jan. 70 
page 13 
Bell System Technical Journal Nov. 60 page 1381 
This one is the best paper on the Bell switching system and 
pages 1398, 1400, and 1422 will give you a good understand- 
ing of how the toll system works. Page 1422 explains super- 
vision principles. Supervision is returned to the caller when 
the called party answers. As a result you get billed. If you 
disconnect (2600) on a toll call after supervision has been 
returned to you, you will be timed out by your local office. 
That is, you will lose the circuit in 15-30 seconds. If you 
are not souped, then disconnecting with 2600 does not cause 
time out, On what calls are you unsouped? If you call a 
phone that has a black box or mute, a call to information, 
service calls, or recorded messages . The phone company 
does not return supervision on 555-1212 so you will not be 
charged. Thus only the first billing entry is made. If you 
MF off of long distance information and call a supervised 
number, the start and stop of conversation will be recorded. 
That is, you will be billed for a call to information which 
is IMPOSSIBLE as supervision isn't returned on those calls. 
You went from an unsurpervised line to a supervised line 
during the same call which is a dead giveaway that you used 
a blue box. If the phone company is alert you will be nailed 
when they check their billing tapes. Never use long distance 
information from a home phone. Your security should never 
depend on someone else's stupidity. 
; 
Here are the credit cards for two of those companies pro- 
ducing 2600 detectors. 
3-Line Conferencer 
R 
€ 
Sept: 8, 1973 
[Oam- Spm 
$100 comraiBuriew, YiPL Subscribers Free 
BE SURE AND BRING AN ISSUE OF YIPL ADDRESSED TO 
YOU FOR FREE CONVENTION ADMISSION, 
Northeast Electronics 
Teltronics 
Concord, N, H. 
Lakeland, Fla. 
224-6511-004U (603 Area) 683-7409-531Z(813 Area) 
It's reasonable to assume that these people will only supply 
independent companies, The Bell system has designed its 
own. It's been known for some time that Bell has had a few 
2600 detectors that recorded the MF numbers. These are 
probably used when they suspect a blue box is being used 
from a home phone and want to gather evidence for prose- 
cution, According to Bell security, the computor program 
which processes the billing tapes now looks for 800 calls 
longer that 10 minutes as well as an excessive number of 
800 calls. 
-Alex, U.S. - 
Phone operator tells of 
Ma Bell’s ''Watergate”’ 
Democratic Party telethon number, 
instruct the operator to say, ‘I'm 
sorry, Ihave no 
sting. . .' Only If the 
customer becomes insistent, instruct 
the operator to transfer thecall 
to a 
supervisor, who will, if necessary, 
give the number. 
There's an 
expression that's very 
popular 
1% telephone company 
gement. It goes, “One hand 
the other."” AT&T probably 
‘a whole lot more to help Nixon that 
t even know about. One thing 
we know that Nixon did though, he 
telephone operator in 
New Yerk City, handling “Directory 
Assistance” (411) 
ind pledge donations. We were 
ed to give out this 
number! 
Our supervisors received a written 
memo from higher management, 
‘which laid down this procedure:”...if 
@ customer. calls asking 
slapped us with the wage-freeze one 
day before our last contract ran out! 
(name withheld) 
Brooklyn, N.Y. 
Dear YIPL: 
Here's a way to beat the high cost of living. 
1, Steal an adjustable price marker from a supermarket. 
It has about 5 wheels: that turn to whatever price you 
want. 
2. Go to your local hobby shop and buy a small tube of 
Methyl Ethyl Ketone, "MEK", a resin catalyst. 
You are now ready to fight dat ole debbil inflation. You've 
got your pricer, your MEK, and some paper tissue. Now 
go to the store. Stick to canned foods at first. Find what 
you want. Put a drop of MEK on the price. Wait a second, 
then wipe it off with your paper tissue. Select the price 
you want(between 10 and 25 cents less than the store price) 
on your pricer, and stamp away. If they question the price 
at the checkout, get abusive. Call them money grubbing 
bloodsuckers and threaten to call the price commission. 
They will not bother you again. Bon appetite and good luck. 
-Stainless, R,L- 
YIPL- 
To get the phone to ring in Denver, dial 6191, then hang up, 
It will ring one long continuous ring until you pick it up. The 
660 thing suggested in #18 doesn't work. 
Question- what is the point of driving the Nashville info. ops 
crazy, as suggested by one of the letters in #18? They are 
just as oppressed by Pa Bell as the rest of us, and certainly 
not responsible for the way we are ripped-off. I think its 
important to remember that the phone co's lackeys are poor 
and starving like us, probably hate the phone co. as much 
as we do, and also are being exploited by it. They aren't 
the enemy, and I'm sure they have enough problems(like 
maintaining their sanity in a job like that) without being un- 
neccesarily hassled. end of diatribe 
-Nancy, Denver- 
Dear YIPL; 
You may be interested to know that, according to the little 
booklets 'Pa Bell' sends out to its Stockholders, a phone 
call from a pay-phone costs them 7 1/2¢. This includes 
buying their equipment from Western Electric (whom they 
own Switch, hook and dial), That means they get 2 1/2¢ as 
free money. Also, at the end of ‘72, Bell owned over 105 
million of the world's 300 million and the U.S, 's 128 mil- 
lion. There are also 1800 independent Telcos to divide 
what's left, 
-P, A. , Tucson-
How to get out of paying deposit 
Feel Free! to lie to phone co. They don't have time to check 
your answers, especially in spring and fall in college towns. 
When they ask, "Are you married?! say YES, When they 
ask where you work, NEVER say, "I'm a student." Tell them 
you're civil service. When they ask, "Do you have a bank 
account?" say YES and mention checking account in one 
local bank and a savings account in another. When they ask, 
"How long have you been at that address?" say a year and 
name your landlord. If they still want a deposit, get very 
insulted and say "To hell with it." Then apologize: "Gee, 
I'm not mad at you personally, but those stupid company po- 
licies! I'll bet working there is a real drag." Call 2 or 3 
days later, go thru the above routine again, & you probably 
will get the phone with no hassle about a required deposit. 
Very important-After several months, often 6, you are en- 
titled to your deposit back. The phone company will give 
you interest on the deposit in the form of phone credit, but 
it's no bargain. The interest can be earned at any bank, but 
the phone company invests your money in ways to make a 
fortune for them and much less for you, Don't let them use 
your money! If you have your friends do this it will mean 
less money to spend on Western Electric's defense contracts. 
‘They were the bloodsuckers behind the ABM. 
The phone company also invests money from phone bills 
and the sooner they get it, the more profits they get. Don't 
ever send in your bill until the last possible day marked on 
the bill. 
Be sure to call these swell people at convenient times. Area 
code is 606. 
Honeywell, . .299-0449- Ask them about contract DAAA-21- 
73-CO286 of January 1973. And ask them about the $30.9 
million Navy contract for the Rockeye II cluster bomb. 
Ask them why they keep working for a company that makes 
40% of its profits from anti-personnel weapons. 
-M,T., Kentucky- 
STUCK STACKS? 
A memo from the Director of Switching Engineering to 
the various Bell Engineers reveals that a device has been 
built to prevent stacked tandems. It is being installed in 
all senders with varying degrees of haste. We have some 
copies of the memo in Destructory Assistance. 
Dear YIPL, 
While on the phone with a friend, I heard clicks on the line. 
Then an operator came in and told me that there was anoth- 
er party trying to reach me and that it was an emergency. 
Theard the clicks a long time and when I asked her why she 
was listening in so long she told me she was trying to find 
out if my conversation was important enough to break into. 
And when I asked her her name, she hung up. 
-RK, NY- 
Hot News Item! In issue 11 we stated that the Black Box is 
primarily for long-distance calls, and that local calls may 
be disconnected if the switch is not immediately switched 
to "Free". Tests in several areas of New York show that 
local calls will not_be disconnected and will be free! Calls 
from a pay phone will also be free. There are reports that 
certain areas will disconnect local calls automatically in 
10 to 30 seconds, but often the phone is picked up and hung 
up too slowly, thus accounting for the disconnection. If the 
procedure is done within 1/2 second, no disconnection will 
occur, unless the local phone system is so designed. High- 
est safety will be afforded when calls are kept under 3 min- 
utes, 
GENERAL TELEPHONERS! 
We now have a fact sheet identical to our issue 11-Receiving 
Long Distance calls that is for readers served by GenTel, 
which uses Automatic Electric phones, not Western Electric. 
State clearly that you live in a GenTel area when writing us. 
Published for informational purposes only by the Youth International Party Line. 
BE SURE AND BRING AN ISSUE OF YIPL ADDRESSED TO 
YOU FOR FREE CONVENTION ADMISSION, 
20 
a ques- 
cion of time before the 
10-cent telephone call be- 
comes history. And very 
little time at that. 
Starting May 1 the cost 
‘of @ telephone call in the 
‘state of Washington rose to 
15 cents, making Washing- 
ton the first state in the 
Bell System to abandon the 
10-cent call. 
The Bell System has on 
file e request to raise 
all local calls to 20 cents 
each in the following 
states: New York, Florida, 
" 
Maryland, Indiens and 
Oregon, 
* PMAADL 
MAY ms 
FROM: YIPL, Room 504, 
BOOKS 
Steal This Book $2.25 
Monopoly $1.20 
152 W. 42 St.,N. Y.,N. Y. 10036