‘Viva La Muerte!'by Oz Y. Mandias“ This column is dedicated to the H-Block IRAmartyrs ('God save the gueen, the fascistregime...') and to the assasin of 'Maximum' JohnWood Jr. (named after the type of sentence hehung on drug defendants), the first federal judgeto suffer that fates a .243 deer snuffer thatblew his chest open (S&W Model 1500?: as they sayin Belfast, 'God made man, Armalite made ‘emequal").‘Death is the greatest kick of all, that's whythey save it for last.’ -- graffitoJulie's In The Drug Squad According to the Chris-tian Science Monitor (4 Sept/80,p.8), the DEA hasformed hit teams to nail clandestine drug-makinglabs in ano. of cities including N.Y., Chicago,Houston, Atlanta, Boston and Wash.DC. You cannow pretty well assume that buying any hot prec-ursors will rate an easy bust for the narcs;always make sure your equipment and chems. gothrough a no. of trusted (and separate) hands bef-ore you cook. Also, let the chems. ‘cool off'for a month or 2 (or longer), move around a lotend be prepared to start dating your lawyer.Stings are as common-place as corrupt and/orperjuring narks. Buckeye, Precision Organic andMerrill Scientific (See High Times,March/81},Just to name a few, offered'flagged'chems.andturned in customers,Anyone interested in either buying or sellinganything should write me c/o TAP.Since the "Better Living Thru Chem.’ article,2 new legal analogues have hit the streets (thoughthey'II soon be illegal, of course): the methy]analog of fentanyl, sold as China White Heroin,and N-ethylamphetamine, sub'ing for the N-methylderiv., commonly known as ‘speed’ or ‘crystalmeth." They both originated in Calif., the latterundoubtedly via the Angels, according to informedsources."Psychedelic Chemistry’, which I've mentionedin past articles is back in print. It's $15 fromLoompanics (Box 264, Mason,MI,48854), with somenew materfal, but still with a no. of errors, andstill far from exhaustive or complete. It's stillehowever, the best by far available (at leastabove-ground, anyway)if you have the background toanderstand advanced 'chemspeak,'Media ‘The Poor Man's Armourer'’ is also availableFrom Loompanics for $17. It is definately worth-while acquiring if you're into 'rock 'n roll'(full auto) and other facets of improvised, cheapweaponry. Fuck the boys from BATF."The Falcon and the Snowman' (Pocket Books,$3)is the true story of a couple of young guys , onea coke dealer, who became Russian spies. Theprotagonist is currently a federal fugitive facing40 years hard time for his impertinence, andreportedly dealing coke in New England. A fascin-ating look at the corrupt and evil spooks in theCIA.Underground Physicist's Corner 'The Secret ThatExploded’ (Random House,$16)is the story of theattempt to suppress the H-bomb secret by the auth-our of the infamous ‘Progressive’ article, HowardMorland. There's a lot of good info here, includ:ing the original article. A triumph for the FirstAmendment in these dismal times of fascism's rise."Basement Nukes' (Loompanics,$7)is O.K., but farless a book than Morland's. There's also far toomuch B.S. political clap-trap added by the authourand not enough technical detail.Send in your plans & info.;UCRL 4725 where areyou? Come on Rotow, cough it up!Hea Scene? If your neighbourhood is like mine,you can get bullet proof vests (Kevlar) for $85and up from either: CWS Enterprises, 3824 Kidd Dr,Honolulu,HI 96818 or Survival Equip.Sales,60 Madison S8t.,Geneva,NY 14456 .Feedback Yeah, how about some? It'd be nice fora change to get some interesting mail instead ofjust a letter or 2 asking for something. Evenif you don't want me to publish it, send it infor ‘selective distribution’. There's alwaysa lot of info that wide-spread distr'n would negat-e the useful of, or that's a trade secret. Ican dig; I’ve got some pretty good tid-bit myselfthat go to the highest bidder. So how's about it;want to trade? L.A. & Bay area TAPers are partic-ularly urged to write; I'm currently in your area.Send all mail to TAP c/o Oz Y.Mandias.Long live outlaw chemistry!
TAPRoom 603147 W. 42 St.New York 10036No. 69COMPUTER PHREAK-OUTbyThe WizardHight It's been a while since I wrote anythingpo XY figured I'd keep you up to date on the workdown here at Kuppet Labs here in The Bronx. I knowI promised Tom an article on an auto-dial blue boxfor your home computer ( I own a TRS-80 but I'))give enough info for you to modify it for anyhene computer) but due to a lack of time that project46 on the shelf. HOWEVEK,here’s the idea I've beenworving on lately. It’s a microprocessor controlledbrown box. As your handy pocket guide to coloredboxes shows, a brown box is a combination of anytwo or more boxes. thie will be a combination blue(of course),red and white(rerular 16 key TouchTone pad), as well as being a calculator. So youcan carry it around without being conspicuous,Right now it's just on the drawing board buthere's what I have so far. The box will be designedarourmd the NSC800 microprocessor from National Semi-conductor. This is a new CKOS (low power), processorwhich will run Z-80 instructions, This is reallynice, as I can develop the software on my Trash -80,Nationa] aleo has a new CEOS version of the 2716EPROM. That's what the prorram will be stored on',assuming that it draws low enogh current. I'm waiteing for National to send me prices and specs now,Otherwise, a regular 2716 EPROM will be used, Inthis case, when the unit is turned on, the programwill relocate itself into CMOS RAM and then dis-connect the 2716. Scratchpad RAM and 1/0 areprovided on one chip for the NSCR00,. Decoding thekeyboard wil] be done by a 740923 20 key decoder chip.The t2 digit output wil) be done using a multiplexed74cgi2 6 digit driver chip to drive 2 gix digitmultiplexed LED sticks.The audio output can be achieved in two ways.Fither two output bits on a port can be toggled togive different frequenci’s or 8 resistors can beattached to an output port to create a D/A converter,This would give you a sine wave output,From a software standpoint, the program wouldhave to provide four major functions. These arekeyboard input, LED output, sound generation andtiming, and math functions,.I havent done any development on software yetbut I have some ideas. First, on power-on the Aigh-est priority interrupt will clear all reristers andworkspaces and then dump you to the keyboard inputroutine. Numbers which are entered are outputteto the LED display. In order to use the box togenerate tones, a especial sequence of keys are pushed.different sequence is pushed for each function, i.e.white, blue or red box. There only has to be one’key different for each function so that many sequencesGo not have to be memorized.The sound generation will probably be done usingthe D/A mepproach. A table of values will be storedin PROM memory(i.e. the 27016) to approximate a sinewave, Two inters will be indexed throgh the tadleat different rates for the different frequencies,The results will be averaged together output tothe DAC. This will be output (probably through a714 op-amp) to the battery charger input, using @capacitor to block the DC from flowing into the out-put. This method can be used to produce any tonesneeded so that special combinations or single freqencytones can be produced using the same method,Development can be done on the TRS-80,. JI planto design and build a shared memory board so the soft-ware can be developed on the TKS-80, loaded intoshared memory and the NSC80O system can be run offof the rame memory,That’s all I have so far. If you.have any questions,comments or suggestions send thex to TAP and Tom —will pass them on to me, Stay high and stay happy.

THE *OVTMULY *TLSSACLBy ‘teassencer R.t1.A.This in ths ‘ eqinning of a new column here atTAP. I will do my damndest to answer reader en-quirlie# on any and avery wwdject that TAP Nay sverdealt with. I["ll slso report on various OUSTresa@arch findinos, developments, and rallucina-tions aa they occur.Bitch & ‘wan Dep't.; ‘thy not start off withtha Dad news, right? fell, I juse put che Finaltouches Of my new bDlua box... and found that itwouldn't been off $00 nums, thvugh at would baenoff other lona-diat nums. “‘luts:,” says [, "Atlooks like the dirty dDugagers put in a notchfilrer that absorbs 2600 and only orks on ATSlines...”The next day, I was on lunch break and deci-dea t nay a Visit to tne local ¢,5, ti cavethe switchman a ration af anpro%riata JS by vayof introductions, then oracerded to 28+ 2 fewquaations apout electronic awitching. Lo aadBahold, he tells me that all In-JATS trafficcoming from Connecticut ia now cmindg througha #€2 mwitcn. (In cate 7yQu're wondering, I livein 4 wmedivue-siread city in CT.) Anyvay, the hadnews continued a1 nh told se that the entirelong-dist ty3ter in CT waa about to O cut ovarto 4£ that Friday: 1 could*we nad a shitfitright there, but instead fnigned enthusiasr andarranged for a CO tour, ‘Yhict you will readabout if Cie maxt i3sue,If you don't already know, 4F stands for‘lumber $6 C255, Dell's new comnuterised re rl.ice-meat for tre ald 4A Crossbar longq-diast switchthat us oOnreaks know & love & whistlo sweetsomethings at. 4b uves a type of out-of-bandsignalling called CCIS, in which calls are notactually aasigned a voloe channel until tecalled party answers, and in which 41] infor-mation needed to »rocays calls (and traca thanav well) is carriad down a separate channel tirtRas no direct connexion to the voice channel.Whet this means is asimply the end of Diack andblue boxes. You can whistle and beso ‘til yourheart's content, but if it’s 4£ you'll cataxactly noshere. fhich it why [I could ba heardcussing all the way horn that nicrt.HOFTEVER,... like wa say, old oNreax never die,they just build a different color box. ity nextone vill Se rad.....ALSO... it’s now five days xaat due for cut-over of the main switcher, which hasn't hanonenedyet, sO Ciere mey 9til) he some time. 11356, rastassured that we're all vorkinge ‘ard on new ap-proaches to the new problem of 4Ff and when wehit cay cirt you'll read it first rirht here.WATS -New Oep't.: Plenty «of interesting reasearchto report. One: Some outooing '-ATS lines use SFgsignalline with 2600. The one I know of ite froma cértain institution in py town to a nearby biacity, wheih is othervise a long-dist call. Onthis ?IATS. you can dial calls in that city butif yau try dlaline the dleiec 1 Phrat, to callbeyond that city, tha fADX act tha inatitutionwhose JATS line it ia, will duep you back to aPABX dfsxt 45a. IOSEVER, this will not ha+? you beep a 2600 nulse ‘tuickly, which the PABXdoesn't recognise but the VATS line takes as adigit 1, and then you can dial-oulse out therest of the number with no hassle.llare are some interesting nums that a friendand I found in february. I don't know what‘ye useful “or, Dut if you study the liseyou'll notice a certain oattern to things. Thepattern may give the basis for future hackingthat might yield some very interesting nurs.Also, most of these recordines identify thecity they are iA, so they might be useful forutacking tandewa, maybe even for gettina aroundthe 4Z proble#. All of the following start withthe 800 area code.6}8-0022; 800 tast ling for "301 VPA" (Saltimore)§25-0056: ditea for *}0) YPA* (Denver?)345-0055: New ‘exico soecial inWATS teat293-9035: 600 avoe. tut. line for 217 4PA inSoringfield (Maeg.} ¢A inward WATS test, 228,443,831, O43, this is a rec., 402-2C,325-9999; three tones, then “The num you havereached... (readbaeck) is being checked fertrouble, Please try egain later... (thishey said thet since January and atill does!)$33-00455: #4255 Minneapolis office, this is arecording 612~}-4P-..332-0058; ditto$23-90561 "nWATS tast line for Filthydelphia4285 machine, 215-3C.
325-0055 and 2066 ara exactiy tne sare thaac.446-905x (xm0~9)} 899 service test lines ‘or@O¢ IPA. (Racnrond VA)393-0055: The nun vou have reached, 637-0555,ig not in svce in Araa Codes 614. PLeasecneck tha nun...828-3955; 800 svce test line for 7165 ‘IPA(thials in Buffalo ‘VY on a 4A)433-0077: an’ VES taste SLI-3C (Fort vorthless,Texas)3362-97151 rings, than @ ranid heacs, then ‘fastSusy giqnal. a click, silence, back to dialtone,362-5799; fact busy, silence, more fast busy,move Silence, dumo back to dialtone.362-5755; ring, 8 peens, busy, dumm back todial tone.It s@ems that 800-J62-xwxx in general nakeaood scanning. I[f you dacid@ to mhreak aroundwith any of this, lease keen careful recordsof all your results and report them to “'‘essaen-fear R.A.” c/o TAP. Even if you dial somethinaand get nothing interesting, lat me know soOthers can be informed not to bother tryingthat num. ALSO: if you hit on somethingreally intense (like a direct line to thewhita-white Whitehouse), olease don't measwith iC too much until we all gee a chante tolook into it and figure out if it nas anyreally soecial uses.Uncle Sam ‘ants You, Oep't.: What Uncle Samreally wants you to do is to Keep your noseout of Ais AUTOWO! circuits. Out then again,he also wants a lot of us to register for thedraft,and do we obay? Helllll to;For a couple of years, a debate hag beenFoing around in phreak circles about what tonesarea used on AUTOVON. Three currently quotedguesses include the 4th column = 1633) hz guess,and the two other quase6s that were printedin TAP §#60. Take your choice and take yourcGhencas. Anyone who hag access to raalliveAUTOVON phones is anceuraged to let his/herfingers do the walking over the keypad, whiletaping the tones. Use a small recorder and aninduction pickuo. Remember tO also get therow and columm tones individually by oressingtwo horizontal, om two vertical buttons at 4time, going down from top to bottom and thenfrom left to right. He can figure out thefrequencies from what's on the tape,Once wa figure aut how to get deeo intoAUTOVON, we can try calling our fiends inths Pentagom and talling them exactly whatwe think about tha neutron bomb and the armsrace in general. Have fun & don't get caught.General topix Dep't.:A good BS story to use on switchman in ordarto get into CO's ia thie: "Hi there, I'm curerently working for an interconnect companylnatalliag business phone systems, and I da-cided xX want to move on to bigger & better thingslika working on Inzyidw Plast stulfd for Sell.I'm reelly into all thie new digital stuff...I know you give tours of the works for angin-eering students, #0 how sbout...7” Also, byway af “needing to study up for before youaoply for che job,” you might be able to gethold of some Practices manuals. Send Xeroxcopies to TAP, ¢/o llessenger R.N.A.If you're into installing phones for yourselfand friends, do not buy ITT or Stramberg-Carison. ‘opt nhonea nowadays are made likeehnit but these two companies ara raally shoddyworkmanshio. Besides, Stromberg Carlson is atantacle of General DynamixxKka, a large weaconescompany. And {TT (which stands for InternationalTyrrany 6 Torture) ‘.0. dane everything from bull-ding weapons for the Vazis in ‘WII, to engin-@éring the end of damocracy in Chile in "7}-'74,Tha best nade cXhonsa around are tha old Auto-matic Clectric #80, If you can still find any.In any case, it's best to buy reconditionedor used ohdnas than new ones, as the ferwer weremade in the days when they were supnosed to beahle to survive being @ronvuved out a window,...A good company for all af this and more is 3200,BOhnsack Equipment Comoany, in Cermantown VY.If you go to the warehouse direct, they'll sellyou “as-is” for dirt cheep, and the stuff isgenerally in need on only «a cleaning up, and@® new line cord.

PEANBS » SILYLR BOOKSBY THE MAGI CLAM...The "“*mOn.torinoy” twarerepping) of alPolitax: [ Know most phraax aren't into this Cndiviluals telepnone line without their consent,too Ruch tiexe daya,vut sare things need w Or without & Tourt ofdar 18 3 vaOlation of faderalDe said, ne of than is that the bicgast Law and punishable by iepcisomsent for five years,danyer of fascism right now comes from furtrer a $90,000 £in*, or dorh.to tha right than even Jonald Ray-qun. I'n ae only exceptions to the sbove, are policereferring to Jerry Falwell and the ‘oral (sic) iim some states), apd govoi 3) we Bell.Majoraty (sic). Jrar-less Jerry 18 2 psuedo= Some of you pay nave ceacd of devices callesChristien version of the Ayacollah <nomeini and 22n0 85 which stands for Senote Observation Svate...if you think Iren is an uptight laces to live, “Nev are alsO) sonetisem Called “SILVER 80x'S*.check out Falweli’s slans for ths U.S. af A. “nese devices allo« easposedly Maurthor) :e4"Falwell rans a collece, with a nane iike the relephose esployern to dts iate ther ftroaLiberty BSartist Colleae, and the rlace is like anywhere, and them using 28 ordinary tomch torea concentration camp. (Jo rock-n-roll, jazz, fone, tap jato a customers line AECEIVE OwLr !country-western, or “olk music. Guys must (YF. The soathpiece ins not bouhel, wp ThHE 18 iswaar their hair above tieir ears and above treir cotally silent) asd listes to aay conversationcollars. Oress code more intense Cian many takiad place. [* vould alzo be possible for ANYOREmilitary acadaries, Strice autsority anc no a>) aial into FF*On, vey in tbe proper acceas codestudent inzut into deacasion makina, ‘lo smokino and tab rones !1 (Thonam VPRT iitlejal).drinkine drues or dancinr. Siolom classes trat SKNOB works af rollows;teach that the wor]d beean 10,000 y@ars ano, Cial the ember of a PPPOR unit. (Agpacently BellEtcetera, Etocetara, occasionally ute them in “SS ,arocmationYou can rast assured that if Falwell and 516 archamies CF. YtaSSS- 417th A tone wall then ofband of mercy masanthroses gain any sienificane neard foc approximarety *so seconde and thenpower, that most of the thincs You go in your Silence. [rt igs then netee@acy ta key LR turthfree time will be varhoten, with Suni tment roach tome} a 2 ta % digit sensrity code, holdingconsisting of “spiritual re-education..." mach digit down at least one second. If the codeWe az technovhreax can dG a lot to subvert is not entered Within Live of six meconds, theFalwell and hig ilk. Fucking up their shone RAHOD will digconeect, ani must De dialed again.service, remotes Wiretao via verification, rf the cote ia properly antered, chee agorckec toreqerw warfare in the form of airborne VD in will be heard. A Seven J491t subscrider fo00the right Places, LSD in their food/water, Bunker can then he enteret (the EXNOd Cah oalyand $0 On. Ideas are welconsa. Practical handle certain "exchanden” which aCe previted, seideas that can be used. A let of this modem unvally one machine Canaot sonitor an entire FPA).racist, Cascisc shic te sublinated Southam ZBROG will then cunnect cornaect wp to aresentment against the ‘lortn for having been wubscribecs line. “he listener sill hear the lowdefeated in the Civil ‘lar. And it capitalises lewsl idlv tone. “hen as the aonmitoced party dialsOn economic woe like unemployment (Dlane the frotacty oc torgca tone} the iinten=r vould bear theNiggers?: and $0 on) The Ku Xlux Xroeps are number bring dialed, then the ative conversation!back in Connecticut and spreading Like cancer. nll without detection. then the Listener isThink of it as Civil ‘lar II and you won't be finigsheil with the gonitoriny of that pacticelarsurprised. You might be intarwsetsd to Know that Customec, he can thea kay 4 wingle “reset digit”the right wing is slanning to call for a Censti- (usually the last digat of the ec=bmam code ) trixtutional Convention, wherein the entire Constitu- 4isconaec*s him froe tte @onitored line andtion can bé rewritten. This nove is gaining ceturas nim to the tone so that he can kay iaanother F digit fone auaber. When the linstanec isBUDPOXt... YOu can imagine the kind of thingsthat will be on the agenda... changing the bill totally fimsshed with Rasp Le heyt & singleof rights so it starts with "The right of all "Aigoconnact digitTM which dimssonuects hia from thefatusee to kaap and bear amms will not he abridgq- Line being Basitored, and discomsecta bia froaed..." Seriously: Remember: Apathy today brings BEROB so that the device cam reset and ba ceadytotalitariangim tomorrow. Enouch said. for akothar caller.FINALLY.... An urgent avpeal for all af you out Because of PENOBS potential for abuse, boththere to duse off your typewriters and start by paceaka and more likuvly by Bell enployeen, Sellsending stuff in to TA®. If you don't like my has kept 2FROR YEEY low bey. Up seeil 3978, Bellpolitical editorialiaing and sould nrefer more denied sastirely that REMNO@S existed, The davicestech staff, fine: make my editorials di sa onoear azyistaacs wao ficat sade public ducing hOaring st onby filling the space with schenetix, numer "“"eleprone RoaLtoOriag Prictices by PederalLists, and #o on. Anything will do. Richt Kgeacies*® before a gubcomeitaa of the commitee onpow, the Urgent Topix listings include tne yowermaat opwratioss, AGOUSe of Fepresentattves,follewing: info on ESS and eapecially 4£.,; ¥inety-Tkird Congress June $74, Xt has siacetalco internal nume: ¢cannings of 800 nucwe been stated by Bell that the SLESOD devices arebased on the stuff in this column: info on essed = RBXYCLEUSYTVELY Cor soeitoriag Rell aaployerrareas using comouters for coin-collect stull wuch as Operators, information OCperatorz etc. teaon payphonas; info on verify and autoverity keep tab? on *hAir Performance.and how-b0-use; Chemistry: Pyrotechnix: 1a MUM ?Pgychotechnix, and so on..... ALSO! if you're Yé any ceeder showld Aiscover a REROR duriaginto “radical aoplications,”~ and are not & hig foc her) scanniag travels, please kwep in mindFed or other vigay, contact ne C/o/ TAP. the BRT eEtrict federal laws Ceqarding wiretappingUntil next month... SLECCEE? ...ker=-coink-. if vow were to be caugnt upiag RFROB ta tap--H- RRA peoples fones,'S Followisy are two pictures of prepestly usedKeyed up eh pmel CO Reno5s.& 4 Any queations, comprata etr- rice to THELUMPUR (AP! —~ MehhtarAhmedbought qx en RAGICTIABR c/o TAPanew carafter begfrst onewaastolen 4 Manth age Y>eben carhad = "oheuiquerters. he found bus mew cat ae «car aan repeciedihe of the second. Orne
fi1i!i)1tf
hehtrfatHlHylap33{3:|AFH(Hf|ii("|}|:
[j
i
||i}4}'ulHit
1
1|{jloo peee eeie
ngMiHiHiatry}kitq|i
!iftyiI::{

DR, ATOMIC'S UNDERGROUND DRUG NEWSLIFE EXTENTION: SOD, super-oxide dismutase. Anatural enzyme that eliminates free oxygen radicals.Available over-the-counter at many health foodstores. May increase lifespan by one third.OTc: Alpha-ethyl-tryptamine (AET) is a relative ofthe drug DMT and is also psychotropic. A speed likeeffect was reported at 75mg, a trip at 150mg, and athree day bummer was experienced by the jerk who tooka gram dose. AET is available over-the-counter or bymail from chemical supply houses, and it's legal andinexpensive.UNTESTED: Intravenous self-administration of nomi-fensine in rats--implications for abuse potentialin humans, Reported that CNS stimulation is sim-jlar to cocaine. (Science, Vol. 212, 6/81, p. 1167.)CUT: "The ideal coke cutter, in terms of snoothealth, is a Yittle-used, esoteric and nearly in-detectable fine-powder version of silica oxide,which is, incidentally, a popular homeopathic rem-edy for nasal irritation." (OUI, August 1980,page 15--Dr. Hip.)BOOK: Pleasures of Cocainc by Adam Gottlieb, 1978,And/Or Press, P.O. Box 2246, Berkeley, CA $4.95.Highly recommended. An excellent reference on sol-vent and colormetric tests to determine kinds ofdrugsz and common cuts.MARKET PRICES: Since the precursor phecnyl-2-pro-panone became a Title 21 controlled substance overa year ago, the price has skyrocketed up to $1000or more a liter. Because of the high price andgeneral unavailability, home production is thriving.Also, let the buyer beware because cases are turn-ing up in the law literature where the DEA is sell-ing P-2-P to find clandestine drug manufacturers.The usual synthcsis of the ketone is the Magidsonand Garkusha method, Chem Abstracts, vol. 35, page5868, para. 5. Chem Abs are found at better Col-lege libraries.BETTER TO RENT: A Falls Township, PA, man was ar-reated with 7 lbs. of methamphetamine. FederalAgents confiscated the house and the surrounding35 acres. An agent at the Philadelphia office ofthe DEA said they seized the farmhouse and propertyas a new approach to drug enforcement in which thegovernment seizes assets it believes were acquiredthrough illegal sales of drugs, (Courier Times,PA, reported by Patricia Wandling, Staff Writer.)
DR, ATOMIC'S UNDERGROUND DRUG NEWSGOVERNMENT ATTACKS FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS! GaryBarnett, owner of United News Service (UNS), acompany that aella drug manufacture formulae tocounter culture chemists, was arrested for aidingand abetting the illegal manufacture of PCP becausehe sold a drug formula to a would-be chemiat (see507 F.Supp 670, for the details).The case survived the preliminary hearing and Jurytrial was set for March 24, 1981, in the Tenth cir-cuit Court; a continuance is expected,Unlike the publication of pornography, the very pub-lication of which is a crime, drug manufacture forsm-ulae are legal to publish and sell: however, thegovernment contends that an act of criminal conspir-=acy happens when someone tries to manufacture con-trolled substances using the formula. (The UNS ad-dress is: P.O. Box 333, Bay Station, Brooklyn, NY)CHEMICAL COMPANY EMPLOYEES ARE DEA INFORMANTS: Ithas been published in the Federal Reporter thatcertain employees of Buckeye Scientific Co. had anagreement with the DEA to alert them of suspiciouschemical purchases, The FR, however, didn't statewhich Buckeye employees had the agreement or if theproprietor of Buckeye, the late Dick Ha]l, had anyinvolvement. Also reported was that Precision Or-ganic Chemicals in Alsop, IL, was a DEA sting op-eration. (See U.S, v. Gentry, 642 F2d 385, for thedetails.)NEW BOOK: Michael V. Smith's new book PsychedelicChemistry is now being sold by Loompanica Unlimited,P.O. Box 264, Mason, Michigan 44854, Loompanicswill send price and information with a request anda5.8.8.@. This information may be sent with theirGeneral Catalogue, $2.00.DRUGS OF INTEREST:Longevity —— DHEA, dehydroepiandrosterone, an ad-renal steroid, reportedly increases lifespan by 35to 40 years and prevents cancer and obesity. (St.Paul Pioneer Press, 1-11-81, 8F.)Legal Analogue -- methyl of Fentanyl. Morphinelike in action and being sold as China White heroin.C(22)H(2B)N(2)0, N-1-Phenethyl-4-piperidyl-propio—nanilide, (See Newsweek, Jan. 5, 1981, "A DeadlyNew Drug Passing as Heroin.” Note that the abovemolecular formula and chemical name is for fentanyl,not for the methyl analogue.)Crusty thieves Chicago Jewelry Store $50,000RewardforNewBombselec? Thr. broke“ mine Mar re Neer hone Is Looted of $1 Million bore has boon preat deal ot contin | bigheres burktings aad freewass but dewhale te: was away. Inek a pazea aaa the: refrigerate CHICAGO. —Burpiars Nery rm rece Sears abot the pare / pe harnt « Radsods cr fr humans. anemia“noha and ate H. aad ploerd two chety plaics neath onthe onkAnd. she told pebor. they plocked all the lemexsfrarna Margyana ptt
According tou rehable serie | thivad had ils phomes ringing—m “foanteen Bei letephons, | with call of peniest. [1 seemsThis Christmas,he’s givingher the photoeretry c'arm.pher inadver-tenily placedthose tancharming bells.which bear aWtrORR Lesem.-bhlancr tm tts.divecih ww Sronlof the model'ssienitar apparal:us. After the adran in sechnewspapers asthe AricaanRepublic andDenver's RevdrMeountats News,phone cals be-NA gan mM Hreram‘lim with com:plaints aboutthe ad's sap-posedty sexistmature. Thephowe companyquickly with-drew the ad.Well, we neverexpected MaBell be have anyballs saryhow.
wong sophisticated lonls took an estrmiated $$ millron im Sirs and eectyami $30,000 im cash today from a NolSide jewelry store, polwe and xioreOffnials said.The poloe said the burglars used a“black box" electronic device (o bypaceslarms st the Harry A. Leviatnd jow-clry sore, then cul laroueh sicelwindow bare with pewerfid cuifingtorches. aside (he store, they uscd thekevhes in ope (hree vaulls
posed dev clopment of the newnon bomb,whack designed to halls mont poo& posuble without damaging buiklengsMesnwhie. the Sun Franco Fool:ogy Center hay od kered a $50.00rew ardfo the fist person who creales the op:Bowie Of the acutnin bonb—the vivg-trom honThe sivatrom bomb wowld destron
and plants. The mew bore woakl causcomer. Mee! aad asphalt to deere.Taw— hut ata ow enoegh rate 1 allowPoop bo vacuaic salchEnts should be sent to.VIVATRON BOMBSan Francisco keodogs Center“02 Columbus AveSan Froaciwo, Cal, M41!)TAP, Room 603, 147 W. 42 St., NY 10036“Pebhe moar ic hikebeh water EvrrvonehelpsAnon
rset!—69
Butt AaleUS POSTAGEPAIDPocant No JMendey, MJ