Iblis AT \O NAL P A Fe ry June 197!Monthly Ww We at YIPL would > ‘ye like to offerThanks& out there. lost of you who are nov .rdall you sheeeksreceiving this met us in Washington on :iayday,where we distributed 10,000 promo flyers. So far—_ we have received over 50 responses, comolete with Lp=“ contributions, encouragement, and spirit. We maynot have done well percentage-wise, but the factthat there are 50 pedple all over the country willing v1to fight back speaks for itself. We are sure that from —_auma the spirit of the response, YIPL membership will really— skyrocket. However, more important than our numbers,in our opinion, is the feeling and motivation for thismovement, The disappointment we feel toward Amerika has_> : turned to hatred as we saw the futility of the movementto improve it, and to frustation as our outside effortsC) were repressed and forbidden. But we did pot turn ourbacks on the movement for change. YIPL beliéves that —S education alone cannot affect the System, but education (prcan be an invaluable tool for those willing to use it.Specifically, YIPL will show you why something must be hydone immediately in regard, of course, to the improperle control of the communication in this country by none Ccother than the BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY. cf)
~~ So if your friends want to get in on the fun, let themread your newsletter, and you might want to research yourown questions in your local library, and help to start theeducation of your community of the phone company's part in thewar against the poor, the non-white, the non-conformist, and ingeneral, aginst the people. Show your neighbors, friends and therepresentatives of your area how the Bell System and the Amerikangovernment are co-conspirators, If your friends can't subscribe toYIPL, that; is cool, is convenient for our small staff, and is right onif they can send a buck as a donation and read your newsletter. We alsoneed stamps, letters, and envelopes, which inaybe they can get from theiroffice at work. Because we are already sending out issues to people shorton bread, we really do need this kind of help. We will report on all of ourfinances from time to time, and if you can dig it, we will probably need sonekind of bail fund set up. If any YIPL busts happen, we'd like to ask you allin advance to work extra hard for the cause, Feople, thanks again. LoveTHs CREDIT CARD CODEThe 1971 Credit Card system works as follows: The telephone number(7digits)of the number to be billed is followed by the secret number for the areacode of the number. They are listed below for several cities. At the endof the number cones a letter that matches the sixth digit of the telephonenumber, tany people look up the number of a large Company in the area anduse their number, cause using any old number might lead to that personrefusing to pay, and the Phone Company's hasseling the personon to whom thecall was placed. They should say that others use that phone, and they don'tknow anything. Fraud is illegal, so we don't think you should make free calls.iis Code has already been printed inommany underground papers, as you know.~ Detroit-033 Boston-001 Phila.-O41 1=Q 4sH Y=k U=4Washington-032 San Fran-150 Pitts.-030 2=A 5=J =UNew York-021 Chicago~097° 3=E 6=N 9=WExample= 769-1960-069-Z (I.B.M. ,Amant,N.Y.)

TECHNICAL INFORMATIONAs long as you're paying a bill, the phone company will tend to let you be.We all know that you might have extra phones you want connected as freebees.Not Western Electric phones, of course. Remember, the phone company "frownsupon" hooking them up yourself, so we suggest you have a friend do it.Offehock volteeeth.s Vv Your telephone line is usually a red and a greenRing pulses: 90 V wire. A yellow is sometimes used for ringing. Un~° screw your storebought phone on the bottom andyou will find a box with a bunch of screws on it. Connecting as in thediagram will activate it. Some people say disconnecting the bell on thatphone will keep it a secret from 'Them",Rear of b§nie So ~Bisconnect his Bell wire(it is red) ED/ eS ye RED f ;ne wW . .yam) : —~p >O\ { y R GREEN CREENConnect the Yellow and theBell — O 2 Green wires together as onewhere they meet the maintelephone wires.
Ever wonder how those conference call makers that are sold on the commercialmarket work? What they do is as follows:DOUBLE-PoLE DOUBLE-THROW. [ > TQ PHONECENTER-OFF, SWITCH- » | oegep . LINE | \ 4 Ht ke 2 CREDGREEN ' Y re >GREENre 6 8 yywe —— 4000 04M,IWATT RESISTORFlicking a switch up puts the phone on that number, Flickinsg it dovm putsthat number on "hold", The center position turns the number off. Theresistor keeps the line "off the hook" electrically, so if it is on hold,you will not be able to receive phone calls on that number. Your line wouldwould appear "busy" to callers. Simple enough?Yippies have been knovm to fool around with shit like this from tine totime without the permission of their local telephone cornpany and eventhough they usually get away with it, we at YIPL woula never thin: ofadvocating that type of irresponsible activity. You should always chec’with your local phone company to pay them any extra money that you nightbe responsible to them for, before ever fooling around vith your phone.The phone company is our friend, and they are here to help you.

LETTERS TO THEbear phree!:s,{'s a pnree’z:s in need of inforsacion,so I can balance the score between theNell Konpany °: the people. I enclosea dollar. Your brother in the nove-ment=H.li., Janestoim, k.D.liy dearest sirs:.iothing pleasures me more than rippingoff Hother Bell. Please send news-letter. Enclosed is $1 U.S. Also-aquestion...A few friends of mine makelong distance calls free from payphone booths by holding the mouth-piece of the phone they're using up tothe phone next to it so the operatorhears the chanze jingle and makes theconnection. I've tried it here in D.C.and the operator says the cash hasn'treristered(which of course it hasn't).Please tell why. Thanks a lot. U.0.,DuBois, Fa,In our nation's Kapital there arethe shiny. new pay phones that wor's ele_ vonicaliy, instead of the ding (5¢),aingeding (10¢) or dong (25¢).ifew oneshave only one slot for deposit, and onold ones your trick works, but holdthe handset close to that phone!Hdaitor
EDI TORSend me the shit and don't rip nie off(please) S.i:.,vinchester,Pa.Dear Y.1.I.L.,Tt thourcht you misht be interested ina movement started here in Lancaster.The novement is to have people whowish to see our troons out of Vietnainthis year call their local phone com=pany nanager and have their phone re-moved, ‘The manager ust be told whyif it is to have any effect.Hopefullyenough people will feel strongly & giveuv phone service to begin showing upon the profits of the phone company.This would push the phone lobbies tospeak out(Bell especially) to end ourcontinued involvement there. If youcan assist in any way by encouragingthis to take place in other areas itwould be appreciated. Thanks! J.G.,Lancaster, Pa.Hi People,Here's my bill, send me shit on fuck=-ing the Bell System. Han do I needinfo on this kinda shit thanks D.B.,State College, Pa.
OUR FRIENDLY PHONE COMPANY....One exannvle of eavescropping that touches a vast number of Americans wasrelated to the Subcommittee by Josepn Beirne, President of the CommunicationsVforlzers of America.le revealed that the phone convany does not linit itsinvasions of privacy to assisting the FBI an other sovernment tappers. Hevointed out that " as part of its training progran, and as part of its cont-=inuins close sunervision of its employees, the telephone industry has develoved>eauivtmeynt ror nonitoring its onerators, its service assistants, its conmercialoffice envloyeesmin shert, all of its employees who deal with the customer,Such.nonitoring means, of course, that the customer is, in effect, monitored at the samesane tine,!!"An alert snooper is. sometines avple to obtain the information he needs sinplyby calling the telephone office and posing as a telephone repairman.Or, ifthe tanner is a law-enforcement officer, her may be able to secure the outrightcooveration of the telephone comnany in the placing of his tans.In KansasCity, the existence of just such an arrangement between the telephone cornpanyd the chief of police was revealed."\_.e@ above tio quotes were made by Senator Edward V. Long.In the office we call it "The System", and use of the word ''the" means doge-matic finality.The wall comes up pretty fast when you start tamperinthe way thines are done within The System, and you either slow down and dowiththings Bell's way or knock your brains out.-AT&T junior executive,spring,1967

In April of 1966, as the government wasescalating the Vietnam war, Congresspassed a law raising the Federal taxon telephone service to 10%. "It isclear," said Rep. Wilbur Mills, Chair-man of the House Ways and Means Comm-ittee, "that Vietnam and only the Viet-nam operation makes this bill necessary".-Congressional Record,February 23,1966.The War Tax Resistance is showing peoplehow to refuse to pay this war tax. In
IN NEEDHow do we communicate with our peopleserving time in Nam? WPAX has a wa’They're putting rock and soul and _/rap and education tapes on the airthrough Radio Hanoi, who is donatingfree air time to broadcast these"subversive' sounds, now banned byour government's stations. But WPAXneeds your blank and recorded tapes,most cases, the IRS will come to collect and of course, bread. Send what youwith 6% interest, but your phone servicewill continue. But the more it's done,the more it costs Them in time, troubleand embarrasment for Uncle Shan. Do it,and tell your friends, relatives andneighbors to do the same, Include aletter to this effect to the phone com=pany and your congressmen3s
DateBECAUSE OF THE BRUTAL AND AGGRESSIVE WARthe United States government is conducting.against Vietnam, the amount of the federal excisetax, $..... has been deducted from my pay-ment of this bill. | have opposed this war andprotested against it in many ways. Now | musttestify to: my opposition by refusing to pay this tax.The telephone excise tax was raised in April,1966, only in order to help pay for the war inVietnam. Paying the tax means helping to payfor outright atrocities, for the murder of inno-cent women and chidren. It means helping to payfor the indiscriminate bombing and napalmingof defenseless villages. It means helping to fin-ance the shipping 6f American boys half wayaround the world to die defending an unpopular,totalitarian and corrupt regime.1am sorry for any inconvenience my tax refusalmay cause your office and hope you will under-stand that this protest is not directed against thetelephone company. | hope also that you willsoon join me and the many others who have de-cided that it is now necessary to oppose the warby refusing to pay the telephone excise tax thathelps finance it.Sincerely in peace,
(UAE: DanseusenndunDunscucnenede RsUannUUUOEDOE DONGUNCUnNNNNE:DOUUEReNENNNNE.DONUTNNNONNNNLDUNRNNONNNNNE.300heDistributed byWAR TAX RESISTANCE339 Lafayette StreetNew York, N.Y. 10012
cane If you want to record your ownshow to be aired, ask them for detailsand they'll be happy to supply them,WPAX, Box 410, Cooper Station,N.Y.,N.Y.10003GETTING PAST ISSUES OF YIPLObviously, as people join up later on,they're going to want info that wasalready published. So we'll have astock of past issues, available atthe ridiculous (?) price of 5O¢ each.This might start to erase our deficit,but wefll lower the price if we canget enough contributions.IN OUR NEXT ISSUE |4We will have more letters, info, shit,and our man on the scene, Al Bell, willhave some jnside info on the "Blue Box"that people all over the country areusing on la Bell. Plus a dialogue withRussel Baker and Abbie Hoffman on Fones.
We beg you consider donating a smal]percent of what YIFL helps you save.One year of newsletters-is $4. _YIPL,Roon 504, 152 Ve. ke Ste eve ytiele